{
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "Location": "Kuala Lumpur, Federal Territory of Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia",
    "Date Posted": "Not Found",
    "Company name": "Primal",
    "Body": " Posted by: Thanapon Chomsang Thanapon Chomsang Talent Acquisition Specialist at Primal A successful Digital Strategist will be working within our team to assist in strategising, planning, briefing the team on new campaigns. A great opportunity for smart individuals to utilise their campaign ideas to be executed by our operations team to increase new business and drive client success. As part of Strategy Team, you will work to develop and implement insights grounded in research in order to create inspiring digital strategies that provide excitement in the marketplace for brands. This then translates into increased market opportunities for brands. An ideal candidate is a digital native, who has a passion for learning and always uncovering new opportunities in the digital space, and who has a solid grounding in the world of digital media and technology. A true collaborator, this role requires someone who is enterprising and a collaborative spirit, willing to go above and beyond the expected contribution to a given project specifically to help ensure the project and everyone involved achieve success. As there is a large sales component to the role, you do not need to be doing cold calls, we will give you hot leads. Requirements / Skills: 3+ years of experience in an agency or startup setting, pitching to clients and top brands on a national or global level. Exceptional persuasive communication and presentation skills (written/verbal) in Malay and English. Well versed in brand storytelling and experience working across disciplines with digital teams. Ability to clearly articulate desired outcomes, ensure project objectives are met Strong attention to detail and ability to prioritize tasks, multitask and manage time effectively Proven success managing client requests and flawlessly implementing feedback with the creative and technology teams as part of the operational team Directing operational teams to implement and execute campaign ideas and media plans. Hands-on experience developing and implementing digital strategies for brands, including working on research, planning, strategy and execution. Experience with understanding and selling SEO, Google Ads, Facebook Ads. Strong experience using and leading others to use digital measurement and monitoring tools, such as Google Analytics, Social Listening, SimilarWeb etc. Emitting positivity and hungry to make amazing happen in a start-up agency environment Strong analytical and communication skills Must be proficient with Excel, PowerPoint, Word Strong bilingual communication skills in both English and Malay preferred A team player and a strategic thinker Ability to multitask, quickly shift gears and be highly organised Comfortable working in a fast-paced and constantly changing environment An understanding of online marketing tools is a bonus Excellent verbal and written communication skills Preference will be given to applicants who have any of: Business Development Backgrounds Digital Strategist/Planning Backgrounds Strong Network of Contacts in various Industries Past Agency Experience Rewards: Generous Salary and Uncapped Commission (+Accelerators) Convenient office location Be part of a fast growing start-up with strong foundations for success Only successful candidates will be contacted. ",
    "Url": "https://my.linkedin.com/jobs/view/business-development-digital-marketing-at-primal-1715480042?trk=guest_job_details_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "Title": "Primal hiring Business Development (Digital Marketing) in Kuala Lumpur, Federal Territory of Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia | LinkedIn",
    "Site": "linkedin"
}
