{
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "Location": "K?ln, DE",
    "Date Posted": "Not Found",
    "Company name": "Camelot ITLab",
    "Body": " From Innovations to Solutions. Camelot Innovative Technologies Lab is the leading SAP consultancy for digital value chain management. With more than 20 years of experience we lead our customers in their digital transformation. Our capabilities range from the strategic dialogue around current challenges in the digital world to the implementation and support of innovative solutions. What?s your future business? Implementing distributed applications based on our Blockchain architecture (current core technologies: Ethereum, Hyperledger, SAP Blockchain as a Service) Evaluating new Blockchain technologies and expanding the solution portfolio Collaborating with internal as well as external development projects with a high level of innovation Active support of internal knowledge management and cooperating with the setting up of a corresponding Competence Center Locations: Mannheim, Cologne Who are you? Degree in computer science or a comparable course of study Understanding of distributed Blockchain architectures Very good knowledge in at least one current standard language as well as in-depth experience in at least one web-relevant programming language (e.g. Node.js, Python, PHP) Experience in implementing web services (http, REST, SOAP) Development experience in the Blockchain environment is desired (Solidity Smart Contracts and/or Go Chaincode) Excellent knowledge of German and English Ready to join? Oxana Lemke is your Camelot contact: +49 621 86298 470 What do we believe in? Triggering innovation by collaboration - this is our mission. Consultancy is people business and knowledge is key. That is why we value our employees as much as our clients. Together, we develop skills mutually matching our visions and ideas by constantly learning, growing and innovating. CAMELOT colleagues take responsibility from the moment they join us. Entrepreneurial attitude is as important to us as strong teamwork, knowledge sharing and corporate social responsibility. ",
    "Url": "https://de.linkedin.com/jobs/view/senior-consultant-blockchain-development-f-m-d-at-camelot-itlab-1702059424?refId=a4cb0c63-ffa8-4520-9a2e-b833991087ce",
    "Title": "Camelot ITLab hiring (Senior) Consultant Blockchain Development (f/m/d) in K?ln, DE | LinkedIn",
    "Site": "linkedin"
}
