{
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "Location": "Dallas, Texas, United States",
    "Date Posted": "Not Found",
    "Company name": "Persistent Systems",
    "Body": " Posted by: Rahul Kahate Rahul Kahate Talent Acquisition Manager at Persistent Systems (Hiring Rainmaker) Position??????: Client Partner \u2013 Banking and Financial Services (Hunter Role) Location?????: Chicago / Texas Experience??: Minimum 12 years We are recruiting quota carrying Client Partner who will be responsible for leading sales activities in his/her respective region for our banking and financial services business.. Activities include lead generation towards hunting new logos, identifying opportunities and closing the same. Key to the role is to inspire customers on their enterprise journey and how Persistent could play an integral part in that journey. Thinking out of the box and demonstrating the art of the possible is key to this role. Your responsibilities will include: Passionate about the innovation economy, love to dabble in new age technologies and excited about the future that technology is shaping \u2013 Cloud, Mobility, IoT, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning and Blockchain for Banking, Financial Services and Insurance industry.?? Bring new business and manage and grow existing customer business in Banking Financial services?Strong focus on understanding lines of business across Retail and Wholesale banking Demonstrable experience in achieving annual revenue targets.? Able to communicate and manage senior client stakeholders (CXO -1, -2, -3 levels).??? Eagerness and experience in successfully growing and partnering with clients.??? Highly motivated to sell services, solutions and platforms to Banking and Financial Services customers.? Excellent Relationship Building Skills.?? Building and Managing a strong Sales Pipeline.??? Customer profiling, sales planning and set revenue / margin targets by services line at the account level.??? Anchor client meetings and pursue any opportunities generated with the help of pre-sales, delivery and external partner ?This Job might be for you if: Excellent Hunting experience in?Banking, Financial Services & Insurance Verticles. Proven experience of managing and growing a portfolio. Strong large deal sales skills, particularly in outsourcing and transformation deals. Customer profiling, account planning and set revenue / margin targets by services line at the account level. Anchor client meetings and pursue any opportunities generated with the help of pre-sales, partner units and external partners. Consultative skills. Possesses strong product / technology / industry knowledge. Ability to manage in a complex matrix environment. Strong focus on Client Service excellence. \"Persistent is an Equal Opportunity Employer and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any kind.\" ",
    "Url": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/client-partner-banking-financial-services-at-persistent-systems-1733647987?trk=guest_job_details_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "Title": "Persistent Systems hiring Client Partner - Banking & Financial Services in Dallas, Texas, United States | LinkedIn",
    "Site": "linkedin"
}
