{
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "Location": "Hyderabad, Telangana, India",
    "Date Posted": "Not Found",
    "Company name": "Techolution",
    "Body": " Job Description: Do you have an interest in working with the visionary team to build a state-of-the-art project? Are you looking for an ambitious project to showcase your Project Management skills? Come, join our engineering team to embark on a digital transformation program in view of delivering world class customer experience to our clients. ? We are looking for a IOT Project Manager to join our team, who is passionate about Digital transformation. In this role, you will be working with engineering teams to deliver features to achieve our overall business and IoT platform goals.. IOT Project Manager will interact with business stakeholders and customers as necessary to capture requirements and work closely with engineering to create a cost-effective solution. Job Title: IOT Project Manager Location: Hyderabad Duration: Full time ? Responsibilities: Handling the IoT Project development life cycle from the inception to the delivery. Define project schedule for one or many projects and ensure the adherence to the same. Doing requirement gathering and analysis, aligning project objectives with company goals and making sure that the project team is clear on the objectives. 5Plan and lead and verify the hardware procurement activity, perform and oversee vendor management and ensure a successful procurement operation model. Manage the team comprising of Embedded architects, embedded engineers, frontend and backend developers, cloud platform lead etc Manage and ensure quality delivery and deployment of multiple IoT projects at same time. Actively participating in the embedded architecture and solution planning and providing critical inputs and approval. Taking active participation in the ideation of the UX & UI design and provide inputs with respect to the business objectives. Acting as a bridge between the client, senior leadership and the development team to resolve impediments and provide continuous updates. Work on end to end project proposals from RFI to final RFQ submissions. It includes providing estimation, resource planning and execution strategy. Interact with vendors and OEM suppliers for cost and lead time negotiations if required Work with functional teams like account, HR, recruitment teams for compliance, planning ,strategy and reduce the risk in project execution. Perform risk identification and management of the risk tracking process Create and manage all project documentations like RFQ response docs, BRDs, project reports etc. Foster partnership with customers/stakeholders/sponsors ? Mandatory Skills: Bachelor's degree with Electronics or electrical and electronics engineering Knowledge of hardware and IoT product development life cycle. Knowledge of different industry electronic nomenclatures to identify the right sensors and smd components for a project requirement. Knowledge on at least one IoT platform like AWS IoT, Google IoT, AWS IoT, Thing Worx IoT or equivalent industry standard IoT platform Basic knowledge of networking protocols. Intermediate level knowledge on communication methods like RF, Bluetooth, GSM, Lora-WAN, etc. Basic knowledge on hardware platforms like ARM, Arduino etc Estimation practises and methodologies Agile project methodologies and implementation Agile Scrum, Kanban and other frameworks RFQ and SOW preparation and review Excellent written and verbal communication skills Excellent hands on ?MS-Office Project and hardware costing standards and methodologies Lead the process of risk identification and mitigation Vendor Management Stakeholder Management People management skills ? Preferred Skills Telecom domain experience is a plus Hardware and firmware security standards, best practises and implementation Networking concepts and basics Knowledge on software backend architecture and best practices Knowledge of SQL, Python and other querying languages. Basic concept of AI/Machine learning/blockchain Hands on knowledge on firmware development languages like C,C++, C#, assembly language, etc Basic knowledge in firmware debugging. Basic knowledge on circuit designing software and simulation tools. In-depth knowledge on different communication protocols like UART, I2C, modbus, SPI, TCP-IP, etc. ",
    "Url": "https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/iot-project-manager-at-techolution-1643288774?trk=guest_job_details_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "Title": "Techolution hiring IOT Project Manager in Hyderabad, Telangana, India | LinkedIn",
    "Site": "linkedin"
}
