{
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "Location": "Jersey City, New Jersey, United States",
    "Date Posted": "Not Found",
    "Company name": "SimplifyVMS",
    "Body": " SimplifyVMS (www.simplifyvms.com) is an innovative startup in the workforce solutions industry. Well-funded and growing rapidly, SimplifyVMS is redefining the future of talent ecosystem.? ? SimplifyVMS is a new disruptive digital platform that helps enterprise clients manage their contingent workforce and SOW projects. The tool was developed in 2016 and has an ongoing roadmap to be a leader in the industry. It is cutting edge and intuitive VMS platform whose goal is to change the way the industry utilizes and manages contingent labor. We also have various other software products/platforms in various development stages.? ? SimplifyVMS is looking for an architect with minimum 7-10 years hands on experience building cutting edge solutions with open source technologies. We are looking for a creative and innovative resource that can lead product roadmap and strategy for various modules along with a large global team.? ? As an Architect you will be responsible for owning the delivery goals for various SimplifyVMS modules. Strategic thinking and strong business acumen are essential in this role. We expect you to be hands on with various cutting-edge open source technologies and a strong ability to?learn business concepts for this industry. ? Note - We are looking only for creative and innovative resource that is interested in working on innovative products that will define the future of the industry. Need to be passionate about technology and willing to push the barriers for new innovation. ? Responsibilities include: ???????Evaluating and implementing improvements to the current system for ongoing innovation and disruption in the industry.? ???????Discover and implement new technologies that yield competitive advantage ???????Developing the company\u2019s strategy for using technological resources ???????Ensuring technologies are used efficiently, profitably and securely ???????Lead and manage?global technology teams varying from 10-15 resources working on various modules.? ???????Supervise system infrastructure to ensure functionality and efficiency ???????Build quality assurance and data protection processes ???????Monitor KPIs to assess technological performance ???????Use stakeholders\u2019 feedback to inform necessary improvements and adjustments to technology ? Requirements ???????Proven track record as a hands-on technology architect with a technology product-based company with minimum experience of 7-10 years.? ???????Technical depth across multiple languages ???????Able to meet deadlines ???????Leadership experience ???????Strong communications skills & client engagement skills ???????Strong knowledge of system infrastructure and implementation using open source and relevant technologies. ???????BSc/BA in Computer Science, Math\u2019s, Engineering or a related field; MBA or other relevant graduate degree is a plus ???????Ability to conduct technological analyses and research ???????Excellent communication, leadership and organizational abilities ???????Aptitude for problem-solving and strategic thinking ? Our backend technology stack: ???????Mysql, MongoDB Middleware skills: ???????Python, NodeJS, PHP Front end technology stack required: ???????Angular, JQuery, Bootstrap Additional skills required: ???????Machine Learning, AI, Blockchain, High availability cloud architecture ? Attractive compensation plan offers?competitive base salary commensurate with experience and extremely lucrative bonus plan.?Growth opportunities are limitless for an employee who establishes credibility and demonstrates competency in this role. ",
    "Url": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/technology-architect-for-innovative-technology-startup-python-php-angular-ai-ml-at-simplifyvms-1694261392?trk=guest_job_details_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "Title": "SimplifyVMS hiring Technology Architect for Innovative Technology Startup - Python, PHP, Angular, AI/ML in Jersey City, New Jersey | LinkedIn",
    "Site": "linkedin"
}
