{
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "Location": "Gdynia, PL",
    "Date Posted": "Not Found",
    "Company name": "Refinitiv",
    "Body": " Job Description WE ARE LOOKING FOR A NEW COLLEAGUE: Order Management Specialist with Turkish or French YOU AND YOUR TEAM You will join the Order Management division with around 75 colleagues based in Gdynia. On daily basis, we support Account Managers and cooperate with a number of internal teams, including legal, compliance and technical implementation. We facilitate all administrative processes to assure that our client signs the proper contract, receives access to use our products and is correctly billed. We call our service \u201corder to cash\u201d because we manage the series of tasks that need to be processed from the moment the client puts an order until the invoice is paid. Some Of The Daily Tasks You Will Perform Preparing contracts for clients who decide to buy our products or services Creating client\u2019s accounts and granting system permissions for the proper services Managing billing process and assure that clients receive correct invoices Resolving complex queries and issues in cooperation with internal teams Operating on a number of internal systems (e.g. Salesforce) Responding to clients\u2019 queries assuring the highest standards of customer service WHAT DO YOU NEED TO BRING? Fluency in English Fluency in Turkish or French Good analytical and process thinking to coordinate complex orders Good communications skills to work with different internal teams and external clients Very good organizational skills to learn new processes and applications WHAT WILL YOU RECEIVE? Competitive salary and stable, permanent employment Annual bonus plan based on performance review Additional language allowance for being fluent in Turkish/French Extra 5% of your salary to invest in funds and secure your future Thorough onboarding program to get you prepared for daily work A range of development opportunities through traditional training, on-site and international projects Wellbeing scheme including private healthcare, Multisport card, weekly fruit days and more than 10 sports teams to join A variety of employee initiatives and events to participate and/or organize and manage Two additional days off for voluntary and social jobs Casual and diverse office environment where colleagues come from over 40 countries Flexibility and home-office opportunities High standards of ethics in the workplace As a global business, Refinitiv relies on diversity of culture and thought to deliver on our goals. Therefore we seek talented, qualified employees in all our operations around the world?regardless of race, color, sex/gender, including pregnancy, gender identity and expression, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, disability, age, marital status, citizen status, veteran status, or any other protected classification under country or local law. Refinitiv is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer providing a drug-free workplace. Intrigued by a challenge as large and fascinating as the world itself? Come join us. Locations Gdynia-Poland ",
    "Url": "https://pl.linkedin.com/jobs/view/order-management-specialist-with-turkish-french-at-refinitiv-1714290078?trk=guest_job_details_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "Title": "Refinitiv hiring Order Management Specialist with Turkish/French in Gdynia, PL | LinkedIn",
    "Site": "linkedin"
}
