{
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "Location": "Madrid, Spain",
    "Date Posted": "Not Found",
    "Company name": "P2P Models",
    "Body": " P2P Models aim is to build decentralized, democratic & economically sustainable Collaborative Economy organizations, aided by blockchain technologies. Working at P2P Models is an opportunity to collaborate with people passionate to create social impact, in an environment which mixes academics, hackers and activists, where it\u2019s possible to be creative and effective. Check our Culture, Work conditions and Perks below! What are we searching for? A Senior Software Developer/Architect to lead the development of a blockchain-based framework to build collaborative Decentralized Autonomous Organizations. P2P Models is a 5-year (2018-2022) EU-funded (1.5M\u20ac) research project around blockchain and the commons, which will be based at the Universidad Complutense de Madrid (Spain), with Principal Investigator and advisors from the Berkman Klein Center (Harvard University). P2P Models aim is to build decentralized, democratic & sustainable Collaborative Economy organizations, aided by blockchain technologies. More in this thread: https://twitter.com/samerP2P/status/928820944705130498 This position is flexible to attract both industry and academic profiles. Salary and some tasks are adapted depending on qualifications. For industry profiles, no academic title is required, but significant development experience. For academic profiles, this position may become a postdoc where research tasks and publishing articles are a core component. What does the role involve? Day-to-day software development responsibilities in an agile and free/open source context. Establish the architectural foundations and develop a software framework to build modular components of DAOs, with a focus on supporting collaboration and communities. Collaborate with other projects from the blockchain ecosystem (e.g. Ethereum, Aragon, DAOstack, Holochain, OpenZeppelin), and contribute to and propose new standards (e.g. ERCs). Encode governance/economic models into smart contracts. Write high quality specifications as white papers and results in research articles. Research and experimental tasks are variable depending on qualifications and interest. Software project coordination, supporting other more junior developers. Work within a free/open source culture, working in the open. Keep current with the free/open source tools and technologies in the blockchain ecosystem, participating in related conferences while representing the project. Maintain fluent communication with other blockchain projects and the developer community to facilitate interoperability, reuse, and adoption. Coordinate with other non-technical team members to maximize the project impact. We would love to meet you if you have Experience with Ethereum, the EVM, IPFS, and/or P2P/distributed architectures Ability to ship high quality, well crafted code Passion for tinkering/solving a range of dynamic technology problems Teamwork and interpersonal skills, including collaboration, empathy and adaptation Fluency in English And these are a plus Experience working in a research setting, or holding a Master\u2019s / PhD degree, in Computer Science or related area. As mentioned above, this position is flexible for both industry and academic profiles. For industry profiles, no academic titles are required; for academic profiles, this position is a \u201cpostdoc\u201d where research tasks are a core component. Experience with agile methodologies (e.g. SCRUM) Experience with architecture specification, API design, technology integration, Linux environments Experience contributing or managing free/open source projects, especially blockchain/P2P related Experience with web application development (e.g. React) Experience in complex software projects and/or in multidisciplinary teams Interest/experience in social movements, activism, commons-oriented initiatives, co-ops, and/or open collaborative communities Consider yourself proactive, flexible and responsible, with abilities to work independently, assume leadership roles and work as part of a team Underrepresented demographics in the blockchain field to increase the team diversity Fluency in Spanish Oh, and these are also nice to have Sense of humour, verve, heart, and maybe a bit freak Desire to affect change in the world Wide-range interests, e.g. Internet, decentralization, social research, critical theory, openness, communities Culture We take an action research approach: we aim both to build theory/systems, and to achieve social impact, in order to improve organisational processes, economic models, policies and technology We believe technology is not neutral: we acknowledge the influence of the social and technological context and how it shapes innovation choices We embrace and encourage multidisciplinarity We uphold an inclusive and diversity-friendly post-meritocratic environment We believe in collective decision-making and co-responsibility We promote transparency, critical thinking, collaboration and autonomy. We advocate free/open source software and decentralization We encourage contributions to other free software and commons-oriented projects to help the ecosystem thrive. Work conditions We believe in a work-life balance, family-compatible Full-time commitment We are goals-driven, not hours-driven Flexibility to work at home / office We nourish curiosity and inspiration by supporting side projects Opportunities to attend and/or speak in relevant academic and practitioners\u2019 events Possibility to spend time as visiting fellows with our partners: Harvard, MIT, CNRS, Aragon, etc. Perks \u00c3\u0083\u00c2\u00a2\u00c3\u0082\u00c2\u00ad\u0090 Stable employment with flexible schedule A passionate team of people committed to researching, building, and achieving social impact Constant learning, in a cozy and interdisciplinary work environment driven by collaboration and teamwork Networking with high profile researchers, activists and techies worldwide Life in Madrid, with thrilling grassroots social movements, active cultural scene, fantastic weather, good food and quality of life, friendly people, a progressive town hall, and in a city cheaper than most US/EU cities. The multiple social benefits from a welfare state, highlighting our public and free high quality health care system, ample vacation days and parental/sick leaves. A wide diversity of benefits and expenses covered, including equipment, trips, courses, trainings, sports, cultural activities\u2026 Commitment to Diversity The work and well-being of our group and the university as a whole are profoundly strengthened by the diversity of our network and our differences in background, culture, experience, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, race, ethnicity, age, disability, and much more. We actively seek and welcome people of color, women, the LGBTQIA community, persons with disabilities, and people at intersections of these identities, from across the spectrum of disciplines and methods. How to apply? Send us an email to [email\u00c3\u0083\u0082\u00c3\u0082\u00c2\u00a0protected] with your CV (mentioning 2-3 references) and a motivation letter. Feel free to write any question/doubt to [email\u00c3\u0083\u0082\u00c3\u0082\u00c2\u00a0protected] including in the subject \u201cOpen position: Senior Dev\u201d. The position is meant to start in Fall. The deadline for applicants is September 7, although we will hire as soon as we find the ideal candidate, so applicants are encouraged to submit asap. Skills P2P/distributed architectures, Ethereum, IPFS, EVM Compensation - Applications for this job are currently closed. ",
    "Url": "https://crypto.jobs/jobs/senior-software-dev-architect-at-p2p-models",
    "Title": "Senior software Dev/Architect Job at P2P Models",
    "Site": "crypto"
}
