{
    "Salary": "95,000+",
    "Location": "Not Found",
    "Date Posted": "Not Found",
    "Company name": "Blockgram",
    "Body": " You will have worked with multi-functional teams and bring deep expertise with data solution delivery with on premise technology and Public Cloud offerings, including data acquisition, storage, metadata, lineage, modeling, security, and governance. Duties: Develop and grow and agile based data and analytics delivery model. Technically lead one or more agile projects, typically to deliver a specific solution or transformation via a multi-disciplinary, skilled team while learning and iterating frequently. Define project and needs and feed these into the program/portfolio process enabling resources to be appropriately allocated. Work with the Product Manager and Business Analyst to define the roadmap for any given product and translate this into user stories Lead the collaborative, dynamic planning process prioritizing the work that needs to be done against the capacity and capability of the team Work with other Data and Insight leadership to ensure all solutions are built to an appropriate level of quality for the stage (dev/test/model/production) Define a compelling technical solution vision with measurable success criteria based on business needs. Analyze business problems and propose innovative solutions based on rigorous data analysis. Drive release planning, estimation, sprint execution, and deployment. Lead feature prioritization and design workshops. Research innovations in technology and data science and lead the proof of concept (POC) of new solutions and integrations. Work collaboratively with business stakeholders, data engineers, testers, project managers, scrum masters and architects. Required Experience: 8+ years of relevant work in project delivery of large scale data warehouse and data integration implementations as a delivery lead and/or functional lead. Ability to build effective partnerships with leaders in the business Experience leading Agile product teams. Demonstrated successful track record in leading large projects/programs in complex environments. Understanding of how to leverage data and analytics solutions for competitive advantage. Experience building re-usable data integration frameworks and patterns Working knowledge of Big Data tools. Experience with Cloud and database technologies. A plus would be experience with Cognos, Tableau, and/or SSAS. A plus would be experience with Python, R, Scala, SQL is a plus. A plus would be Spark, PIG and other comparable technologies Knowledge of data model design philosophies and methodologies for data warehouse and OLTP systems The ability to continuously improve process models, delivery methodologies and solution capabilities. https://hire.withgoogle.com/public/jobs/blockgramcom/view/P_AAAAAAFAABrA9V3uw8N2BB?trackingTag=httpsCryptoJobs Skills Python, R, Scala, SQL, Spark, PIG Compensation 95,000+ Apply on CryptoJobs Related jobs you might like Technical Product Manager Aeternity Blockchain Contract Tech Remote 198 views \u00c3\u0083\u0082\u00c3\u0082\u00c2\u00b7 posted 7 ",
    "Url": "https://crypto.jobs/jobs/data-delivery-manager-at-blockgram",
    "Title": "Data Delivery Manager Job at Blockgram",
    "Site": "crypto"
}
