{
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "Location": "Not Found",
    "Date Posted": "Not Found",
    "Company name": "Artivatic",
    "Body": " We at artivatic.ai disrupting the way businesses uses technology for their intelligence, decisions and strategies. We are looking to onboard experienced team member who has worked in Blockchain area. Mandatory Work experience in at least one of the blockchain platforms like IBM Hyperledger, Ethereum, Multichain, Stellar, Ripple, Corda etc. Developed architecture and design of blockchain solutions to solve industry solution use cases Developed Pilots and Proof of Concepts using blockchain technology Understanding of various blockchain platforms to evaluate and propose appropriate blockchain platform and technologies Strong understanding of Bitcoin or other crypto currencies Experience working with distributed databases Understanding of various consensus methodologies (Mining, PoS, etc). Understanding of cryptography, including asymmetric (pub/priv key), symmetric, hash functions, encryption/signatures. Hands-on experience in using any of the following (or similar) languages: Java, Golang, Rust, Scala, Haskell, Erlang, Python, C, C++, C# Hands-on experience in working on Open source technologies with a product engineering background Desirable Active demonstrable interest in Bitcoin/Blockchain, distributed applications (Daaps), cryptography Contributed to establishing best practices and published blogs or papers on Blockchain and bitcoins Previous work contributing to an open source Bitcoin/Altcoin project or any Blockchain applications. Responsibilities : Design and architect blockchain industry solutions Construct blockchain networks leveraging blockchain platforms and technologies Work with domain teams on industry Blockchain use case analysis and prioritization Define architecture and best practices for Blockchain technology adoption and implementation Disseminate best practices and act as a knowledgeable resource for Blockchain engineering problem solving Participate in Presales and Customer workshops as per need Conceptualize, design and build Blockchain framework and assets Lead solution development and capability development in Blockchain and related technologies such a Ethereum, crypto-currencies and smart contracts Write high - caliber code to satisfy project requirements Be part of a fast- paced, agile environment Participate in industry events showcasing Artivatic capabilities Conceptualize and build demos showcasing Artvatic's Blockchain thought leadership and capability Work with partners, both startups and enterprise vendors building joint value-propositions and solution assets Should write point of views and white papers Job Perks Free Beer + Drinks + Sports etc. Bi Monthly office parties. If you feel that you are the ideal candidate & can bring a lot of values to our culture & company's vision, then please do apply. If your profile matches as per our requirements, you will hear from one of our team members. We are looking for someone who can be part of our Team not Employee. If interested please do share your resume with us to discuss further. Note, we are not looking for any fresher or aspiring blockchain learner. You can share your resume at [email\u00c3\u0083\u0082\u00c3\u0082\u00c2\u00a0protected] You can also email to Puneet with line - Blockchain Profile @ArtiVatic.ai.ai with few lines about you as what motivated you to Join Artivatic. Salary: 7-10 LPA + ESOPs (0.10%-0.50%) Skills Compensation \u20b9700K \u2013 \u20b9120K + Equity ",
    "Url": "https://crypto.jobs/jobs/blockchain-architect-developer-at-artivatic",
    "Title": "Blockchain Architect & Developer Job at Artivatic",
    "Site": "crypto"
}
