{
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "Location": "Bangalore, IN",
    "Date Posted": "Not Found",
    "Company name": "Bosch Engineering and Business Solutions",
    "Body": " Company Description Robert Bosch Engineering and Business Solutions Private Limited (RBEI), is a 100% owned subsidiary of Robert Bosch GmbH, one of the world\u2019s leading global supplier of technology and services, offering end to end engineering, IT and Business solutions. With over 18000 associates, RBEI is the largest software development center of Bosch outside Germany, indicating we are the Technology Powerhouse of Bosch in India. We have a global footprint with presence in US, Europe and the Asia Pacific region. RBEI is ISO 9001:2008 certified (2012), appraised at CMMI-L5 as per version 1.3 (2011), ASPICE - level3 based on version 2.5 and ISO 15504- 5 and 7, and also ISO 27001 with seven state-of-the-art facilities spread across Bangalore and Coimbatore in India, Ho Chi Minh City in Vietnam and Guadalajara in Mexico, ISO/IEC 20000-1:2011 certified (2014). We nurture, build and sustain enduring customer relationships to enable direct operational and strategic benefits to our customers. We make it happen through qualified, motivated and flexible professional associates, who uphold the heritage and values of Bosch - time-tested over 125 years of a successful journey; a journey marked by quality, reliability and innovation of service to enhance the interest of our customers and the community we live in. We Provide Solutions For Businesses In Primarily Three Areas Engineering Services IT services Business services Our Focal Industries Automotive industry Industrial Technology Consumer Goods and Building Technology. Job Description Blockchain is one of the fastest emerging technologies with a potential to disrupt many of the well-established businesses. The innovation team at RBEI sees Blockchain as a technology to bet on and seeks creative technical minds to join the force to develop solutions and platforms. The development team will be responsible for deriving requirements, designing and developing the point solutions for specific domains. The team will work in an agile environment that is suitable for the complex nature of the work involved. The development involves creating innovative demos for customers to foster further business engagements. The team is expected to contribute towards shaping of Blockchain technology within Bosch and in the industry as well. Competencies - Hands-on C++ coding or Core Java Able to convert block diagrams, HLD, LLD to C/C++ implementation Good Analytical and programming skills Understanding of communication protocols (MQTT/HTTP/Sockets...) Understanding of design patterns (MVC/MVVM...) Understanding to work with middleware, abstractions for device level drivers Familiar with parallel programming paradigm, Multi processing Either already possess or a quick learning for Ethereum/Hyper Ledger based development using Solidity, NodeJS, Python, GO Knowledge of using REST Services Knowledge of Database concepts - Distributed, Graph, RDBMS, Document Hands on experience on build frameworks (Maven, Ant\u2026) Hands on experience in automated testing Experience of working in Scrum and test-driven development SDLC model OOAD design. Knowhow of UML and common design patterns, usage of tools like Enterprise Architect Qualifications B Tech/ M Tech in Computer Science/Information Science/Electronics &Communication 3 to 6 years of overall experience Additional Information Selected person will join the prestigious Innovation and Incubation team of Bosch in the area of Advance Engineering and Platform development. He / She will work on latest upcoming technologies of the world, build new businesses from the start in a startup environment. Value Contribution Ensure effectiveness for business value and technical relevance through: Constantly being in touch with the development of the technology in the industry Create demos for wide usage across domains to enhance customer interest Continuous alignment of team and organization towards product* vision Responsibilities Hands on coding of the components of Blockchain based solutions and platforms Validation at component level Technical documentation, benchmarking, software quality, product demo Participate in the agile development process and deliver user stories independently Work independently on complex issues, and to collaborate efficiently with internal experts to resolve technical issues quickly ",
    "Url": "https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/blockchain-senior-developer-at-bosch-engineering-and-business-solutions-1632905323?refId=abb35dda-4cf9-4ac5-8b5e-7c1ebe16576f&position=15&pageNum=0&trk=guest_job_search_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "Title": "Bosch Engineering and Business Solutions hiring Blockchain Senior Developer in Bangalore, IN | LinkedIn",
    "Site": "linkedin"
}
