{
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "Location": "Not Found",
    "Date Posted": "Not Found",
    "Company name": "Ferrum Network",
    "Body": " A unique opportunity to be part of a growing American Fintech startup. You will be building world-class products on the cutting edge of cryptography, security, and AI. We have immediate opportunities for extremely talented software developers who want their lines of code to have significant and measurable positive impact for users, the company's bottom line and the industry. You will be building the breakthrough products that our customers will love, adopt and use. Every software engineer at Ferrum is a leader and will architect, design, implement, and test product they are building. Regardless of your experience level, this position will be a great learning experience and will accelerate your technical and professional career. Your Impact Architect, design, implement, test and deliver innovative, and highly scalable products. Master development process and culture. Our team brings years of experience from Microsoft, Amazon, and Google and adopts it to fast-paced startup environment. Grow fast in your career and mentor, and lead future developers as the company grows Develop test strategies, write unit/functional tests to drive up code coverage. Basic Requirements Deep understanding of object-oriented programming and experience with JavaScript and TypeScript Solid understanding of data structures, algorithms, and complexity Solid understanding and experience with web technologies, such as CSS, HTML5, and React Solid understanding and experience with React Native Familiarity with native mobile application development technologies in IOS and Android. XCode, and Android Studio Experience in JavaScript testing frameworks About Us: Ferrum Network is a Fintech and blockchain startup with global reach. Founders of the Ferrum Network come from companies such as Amazon, Microsoft, Bloomberg, and Major New York City law firms. They have build a global business, from Kudi Exchange in Africa that facilitates payments and business transactions for growing African communities to a cutting edge cross-chain cryptocurrency platform that enables fast and cheap transactions of all cryptocurrencies and connects networks such as Bitcoin, Ethereum, Binance Chain, and others. Visit https://ferrum.network to learn about our company. Skills Css, HTML5, react Compensation Based on experience ",
    "Url": "https://crypto.jobs/jobs/front-end-engineer-at-ferrum-network",
    "Title": "Front End Engineer Job at Ferrum Network",
    "Site": "crypto"
}
