{
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "Location": "Kuala Lumpur, MY",
    "Date Posted": "Not Found",
    "Company name": "Vettons",
    "Body": " We're looking for a forward-thinking blockchain developer who can help us to dominate the market with innovative ideas. What You'll Do: Build a decentralized blockchain network to be shared in a peer to peer like network. Design, architect, develop, and implement a decentralized network via blockchain technology. In this role, he/she should be responsible in developing a high performance and highly scalable blockchain system. You must be excited about the potential of blockchain technology, and innately curious about the way they work, and how they will evolve in the future. You've taken on company assigned R&D projects to explore the usefulness of blockchain technology, and actively follow or participate in blockchain discussions, communities, and events. Responsibilities Responsible for the design and core code development of public chain, alliance chain and private chain based on blockchain technology. Required to build blockchain solution in E-Commerce and Internet of Things (IoT). Be a subject matter expert on the development team for blockchain related design and implementation while being a primary contributor to the existing platform. Task to develop new blockchain platform from scratch. Design and implement blockchain application architecture. Build rapid prototypes and work on fast paced projects. Identify and resolve defects and performance issues. Provide technical leadership on blockchain technology. Research and evaluate blockchain technologies and solutions to identify use cases and implementation. Requirements & Skills High proficiency in blockchain development language of GoLang (Go) or Node.js (one of them is a must). 3+ years of development experience on Hyperledger Fabric and familiar with the various tools under Hyperledger. Good proficiency in Java, Spring J2EE framework, C++ and MERN stacks will be helpful. Deep understanding of the principles of decentralization and mainstream blockchain technology, such as Bitcoin and Ethereum Smart Contract, will be an advantage. Familiarity with concepts such as blockchain confirmations, multisig, and HD wallets. Understanding of cryptography, including asymmetric, symmetric, hash functions, encryption/signatures including SHA and scrypt. Support Technical detail design of Blockchain solution components. Evaluate multiple design options and support in research work. Backend API Development, API Integration with BC Network. Responsible for the architecture and code writing of relevant smart contracts. Understanding the principle of the use of mainstream NoSQL database will advantages, especially Key-Value type database, including not limited to LevelDB, RocksDB, or CouchDB and other type of database in Relational, Columnar, Document, Graph. BSc in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Software Development, Information Technology, Software Development or a related field. ",
    "Url": "https://my.linkedin.com/jobs/view/blockchain-lead-developer-at-vettons-1637842531?refId=71895bb7-d0ce-458e-94e8-228f72a67db2&position=14&pageNum=0&trk=guest_job_search_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "Title": "Vettons hiring Blockchain Lead/Developer in Kuala Lumpur, MY | LinkedIn",
    "Site": "linkedin"
}
