{
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "Location": "London, GB",
    "Date Posted": "Not Found",
    "Company name": "ARCADIS United Kingdom",
    "Body": " Cryptocurrency Intelligence Associate Location 12 Endeavour Square, London, E20 1JN Division Enforcement & Market Oversight The Role We are currently looking for an Intelligence Associate to join our Intelligence function on a 12 month fixed-term contract, based in Enforcement & Market Oversight (EMO). The Intelligence team is a central function, providing an important service to many areas of the FCA. We provide intelligence support to enable us to discharge our regulatory and criminal responsibilities, including the Authorisations and Supervision areas which are responsible for the approval and supervisory regimes for individuals and firms within the UK financial services industry. Since January 2020 are responsible for 5MLD regulation of the crypto asset sector. We provide accurate and meaningful information to aid the decision making processes and respond in a timely way to requests in order for them to meet their SLAs and statutory deadlines. We work to national law enforcement standards in intelligence, conducting internal and external research, analysis and engage with many, and varied partners to facilitate the best \"all source\" information to support the work of the FCA on crypto activities. What does the role involve? What are the key responsibilities? Undertaking the delivery of intelligence support and advice to Authorisations, Supervision and Enforcement for the processing of applications connected with identified high risk factors (Jurisdiction, product or identified previous adverse intelligence, linked to the 5 MLD and the crypto sector. Researching, preparing and disseminating intelligence material (including reports and other products) to inform Authorisations and Supervisory action. Including the appropriate handling and dissemination of sensitive intelligence. Working with partner agencies to identify, liaison and share intelligence, were necessary and relevant, to inform FCA decision-makers. Building and maintaining effective working relationships with colleagues in other business areas within the FCA and with external stakeholders involved in crypto and related harm and risk. Assisting in identifying and training staff in relevant processes as and when required Attend and contribute to knowledge sharing events and identify opportunities to share experiences to peers and stakeholders What will the candidate get from the role? You will have a great opportunity to understand intelligence processes and work, and influence the way we support the breadth and depth of the FCA remit in the new area of Crypto asset regulation and 5MLD. You will enjoy a unique view of the financial services industry, law enforcement partners and UK government with the opportunity to do meaningful work that makes a real difference in protecting consumers, our firms and UK financial services industry against financial crime harm. This will involve and require contributions to the review and scrutiny of individuals and firms, contributing to inform decision-makers during the course of Authorisations applications, Supervision action, Enforcement cases and LEA investigations across the breadth of our regulatory landscape You will have the opportunity to work with, and influence the activities of a wide range of our internal stakeholders on key functions. As an Academy business, we place great value on learning and at the FCA we offer learning and development opportunities which will assist you in undertaking your role Skills/Experience Required Minimum We're a signatory to the Government's Disability Confident scheme. This means that we will offer an interview to disabled candidates entering under the scheme, should they meet the minimum criteria for a role. A minimum criterion needs to be measurable from reviewing a candidate's CV. Exceptions may apply if due to the volume of applications we are not able to interview all eligible candidates who qualify under the scheme. Experience working with crypto assets - including but not limited to distributed ledger technology, crypto currency & blockchain, AND the sectors involved in emerging financial services technology (Fintech) Evidence of relationship management skills, working with internal and external stakeholders Experience working in the financial services sector and /or UK Economic Crime landscape Experience in producing intelligence / regulatory reports used to aid decision makers including use of the National Intelligence Model (NIM) protocols Evidence of carrying out research using public record systems (e.g - UK Companies House and Consumer databases) OR closed source databases for financial intelligence Essential Required behavioural & technical skills: Required Technical Skills Experienced in research and analysing information to reach conclusions and make judgements. Ability to present the outcome of that work clearly and effectively, orally and in writing Capability to manage a variety of competing tasks and issues, prioritising appropriately and escalating where necessary Proficiency in storing, sharing, handling and using information (including sensitive material) effectively and securely, including managing records systems, tools and confidentiality Good stakeholder and relationship management skills (preferably in a Government, law enforcement or regulatory environment) Ability to work actively with others to achieve outcomes in both formal and informal teams Experience in intelligence research and intelligence collection techniques (i.e. open source, internet or subscription services research and closed sources) Ability to challenge intelligently and constructively A good working knowledge of all legislation relevant to specific role (FSMA, RIPA, IPA, GDPR, etc.), the National Intelligence Model (NIM), gateways and information sharing processes High level of IT literacy (including use of databases, Microsoft products and software) Required Behavioural Skills Advocates the FCA, EMO and the FCA mission, operating for the benefit of consumers Acts in an honest, open and transparent way, challenging when you see behaviour that goes against the principles of the FCA or EMO Continuously seeks out new and more effective ways to conduct the work, and feeds this back to management Works collaboratively as part of a team, valuing different perspectives and backgrounds, and working with other departments and divisions collaboratively, minimising silos Open to learning, challenge and change, and be prepared to be flexible to new tasks and responsibilities Ability to exercise own judgements and defend those judgements where necessary and appropriate Experience of working with accuracy and timeliness within a pressurised and fast-paced environment. Desirable Working alone or part of a small team Stakeholder management Understand of the financial crime landscape and UK economic crime strategy Delivery of work at pace and with accuracy, relevance and timeliness Research and analysis skills, including the use of open and closed sources and public records to provide a view on a specific issue or entity. Knowledge of FCA regulatory systems such as INTACT, SIS, Intellect About The FCA At the FCA, we're creating a fair and more resilient financial system. We're establishing more transparent relationships between financial services and their customers, building trust in financial markets and protecting vulnerable consumers. The FCA's Values & Diversity Our ambition is to create a diverse and inclusive workplace that reflects the society we serve, helping us to be a better regulator. As an inclusive employer, we are open to considering flexible working arrangements. Please contact our recruiter if you wish to apply for this role on a flexible basis. Useful Information This role is graded Associate L&F B The salary range will be approximately 36,000 to 45,000 GBP plus a competitive benefits package and non-contributory pension Applications for this role close on Wednesday 19th February 23.55 Please note this is a 12 month FTC N.B this role requires Security Clearance - therefore you must be eligible for clearance in order to apply. If you are interested learning more about the role contact Sarah Burgess; Sarah.Burgess2@fca.org.uk Please note - applications must be submitted through our online portal. Applications sent via email will not be accepted. ",
    "Url": "https://uk.linkedin.com/jobs/view/cryptocurrency-intelligence-associate-at-arcadis-united-kingdom-1729510849?refId=d7e81ec5-68fe-4396-9309-b1fe9f9cafdc&position=13&pageNum=0&trk=guest_job_search_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "Title": "ARCADIS United Kingdom hiring Cryptocurrency Intelligence Associate in London, GB | LinkedIn",
    "Site": "linkedin"
}
