{
    "Salary": "$2,500 per month",
    "Location": "New York, New York, United States",
    "Date Posted": "Not Found",
    "Company name": "Antler",
    "Body": " NYC2 begins April 2020 - come join us as we build the next wave of tech! We are looking for passionate technologists to become co-founders in building great technology companies. You will join a cohort of incredibly driven entrepreneurs, engineers, consultants, and scientists in a 6-month, 2-phase program designed to take you from ideation to a successful business with seed-stage funding. Upon successfully completing the program, you will be the co-founder of a fully independent company and valued partner of the Antler team! THE OFFER:? A place to build YOUR company? $2,500 per month while you go through ideation? Access to an incredibly diverse group of potential co-founders? Exceptional advisors providing mentorship & support to help execute your vision $100,000 in seed funding for an equity stake in your new venture Access to a global investor network A supportive environment where you can be you REQUIREMENTS: Passionate about using technology to address an identified problem?? Ability to build a commercially viable product? Ability to deliver a product to market Experience managing engineering teams? Expertise in engineering research or deep sciences? i.e.: Artificial Intelligence (AI), Machine Learning (ML), Biological Sciences, Biotechnology, Blockchain/Crypto, Hardware (sensors), Material Sciences, Optics, Semiconductors, Software Development, etc.?? THE PROGRAM: Antler enables dedicated technologists to build ventures from the ground up.? In Phase 1 of the 2 phase program, Antler provides each founder with $2,500 per month as they build relationships with potential co-founders and work through the ideation stage. Throughout the process, our operating team is available to serve in an advisory role to help validate business models, make industry introductions, and connect accepted founders with our global network of top-tier advisors and mentors. We are here to assist you while giving you the freedom to execute your vision. We operate an open-minded, forward-thinking program; recruiting a diverse group of highly motivated entrepreneurs from various backgrounds, industries, and skill sets - bringing them together in programs of 75-100 founders. Our company, like our program, is fast-paced and fun; founded on an accessible hierarchy and a strong commitment to trust, ownership, and transparency.? PROGRAM DETAILS: PHASE 1 (10 weeks) provides entrepreneurs with the infrastructure and guidance to explore potential business opportunities and co-founder pairings. During this phase, accepted entrepreneurs will be paid $2,500 USD/month as financial support.? At the conclusion of Phase 1, the resulting teams pitch to Antler\u2019s investment committee for a $100K USD pre-seed investment in exchange for a 10% equity stake, and become an Antler portfolio company.? ? PHASE 2 of the program supports each portfolio company as they finalize an MVP, scale their business, and pursue follow-on funding from top tier investors.? At the end of Phase 2, Antler puts on Demo Day \u2013 where portfolio companies pitch to the New York VC ecosystem.? ABOUT ANTLER? We are a global start-up generator and early-stage venture capital firm. Our aim is to identify, challenge, and invest in exceptional people who wish to build groundbreaking technology companies.? Founded in Singapore in 2017 by Google, Harvard, McKinsey, MIT, Spotify, and Stanford alumni with extensive experience building and scaling successful companies. After finding success in Singapore, Sydney, London, Stockholm, Amsterdam, and Nairobi, Antler New York, in partnership with New Lab, launched in September 2019. To date, Antler has attracted ~20,000 applications from entrepreneurs around the world, accepted 1,000 program participants, and invested in 130 portfolio companies built during our programs. Come build with us!? Cohort NYC2 begins April 2020 ",
    "Url": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/founder-at-antler-1670781508?refId=3b2a1dbb-49d5-4356-84da-10d426781c4d&position=9&pageNum=0&trk=guest_job_search_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "Title": "Antler hiring Founder in New York, New York, United States | LinkedIn",
    "Site": "linkedin"
}
