{
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "Location": "San Francisco, California, United States",
    "Date Posted": "Not Found",
    "Company name": "Intelletec",
    "Body": " Our fast-growing Blockchain client is seeking a Head of Research to focus on problems related to cryptoeconomics, monetary economics, consumer psychology and mechanism design. The role: You will influence the incentive structure within a payment network, design experiments to test mechanisms and onboard new users, develop mindshare within academic and blockchain communities, and represent the company in publications and public forums.? You will work with high-profile economists who act as advisors to the company, and you will be our resident expert with respect to several fast-moving topics within the blockchain space. Beyond the ability to nerd out our client is seeking someone with rigor, humility, and conviction. What you'll do: Design and manage a live test economy Provide thought leadership in growing adoption: Publish blog content on a monthly basis, explaining and advocating for the model. Produce simulations and valuation models for the sustainability and growth of the economy. This involves risk modeling and stress testing. Work with CEO to engage and recruit a substantive contribution from our economic advisors. Contribute to the community! Work with partner projects to build mindshare. Represent publicly at events, including technical and cryptoeconomic events and conferences. Remain current on relevant research impacting our proposal, and produce regular internal summaries of external research. Skills: Academic and/or professional background in economics, in particular, some combination of mechanism design, behavioural economics and monetary economics. Excellent writing skills for both academic and more general interest audiences. Ability to produce simulations and models through a number of relevant frameworks, including Excel, Monte Carlo, R/Python, etc. Deep interest in and understanding of the blockchain ecosystem To find out more get in touch? ",
    "Url": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/head-of-blockchain-research-at-intelletec-1569803959?refId=c0173b78-2ce2-4f72-8f33-7d94c88f0146",
    "Title": "Intelletec hiring Head of Blockchain Research in San Francisco, California, United States | LinkedIn",
    "Site": "linkedin"
}
