{
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "Location": "San Francisco, California, United States",
    "Date Posted": "Not Found",
    "Company name": "Coinbase",
    "Body": " Location: San Francisco, CA Coinbase has built the world's leading compliant cryptocurrency platform serving over 30 million accounts in more than 100 countries. With multiple successful products, and our vocal advocacy for blockchain technology, we have played a major part in mainstream awareness and adoption of cryptocurrency. We are proud to offer an entire suite of products that are helping build the cryptoeconomy, and increase economic freedom around the world. There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we assess whether a candidate demonstrates our values: Clear Communication, Positive Energy, Efficient Execution, and Continuous Learning. Second, we look for signals that a candidate will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, disrupt ourselves, and expect sustained high performance because we play as a championship team. Finally, we seek people with the desire and capacity to build and share expertise in the frontier technologies of crypto and blockchain, in whatever way is most relevant to their role. Read more about our values and culture here. Our USDC team grows the USDC token, one of the world\u2019s largest stablecoins and critical infrastructure for the open financial system. USDC integrates with cryptocurrency protocols, exchanges, and financial services institutions. The team works with our various business units and senior leadership to build a product that integrates across the Coinbase Platform. It also works closely with Centre. What You\u2019ll Be Doing (ie. Job Duties) Refine our roadmap for USDC, in partnership with Centre. Write specifications and manage engineering teams to build a platform that external stakeholders want to integrate with and build on top of. Manage relationships with key partners, including exchanges and cryptocurrency market participants. Interface with entrepreneurs and engineers at leading decentralized finance protocols + cryptocurrency development teams. Coordinate with internal teams to best provide features enabled by USDC. What We Look For In You (ie. Job Requirements) Strong understanding, interest, and relationships in decentralized finance. Empathy for cryptocurrency project developers. Strong verbal and written communication skills: great listener with the ability to concisely synthesize complex issues. Ability to translate digital asset information effectively across the organization to compliance, legal, engineering, and executives. Demonstrated excellence in making informed judgements, and setting priorities in ambiguous situations. Ability to collaborate with teammates, navigate relationships in both crypto and the broader technology ecosystem, and ensure that entrepreneurs have an excellent experience engaging with Coinbase. 6+ years of total experience, 2+ years in crypto. Nice To Haves Computer Science degree or experience in software engineering preferred. Coinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and to review all of our job postings to minimize biased language. Coinbase does not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, citizenship, or any other basis protected by applicable local, state or federal law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records in a manner consistent with San Francisco\u2019s Fair Chance Ordinance and similar local laws. Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and Applicants Depending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants. Our full notice outlining how your data will be processed as part of the application procedure for application locations is available here: Ireland/EU, United Kingdom, and California. By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. ",
    "Url": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/head-of-stablecoin-at-coinbase-1538164526?trk=guest_job_details_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "Title": "Coinbase hiring Head of Stablecoin in San Francisco, California, United States | LinkedIn",
    "Site": "linkedin"
}
