{
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "Location": "Los Angeles, California, United States",
    "Date Posted": "Not Found",
    "Company name": "FILD",
    "Body": " Posted by: Howard Rosenzweig Howard Rosenzweig Partner | Head of Recruiting at FILD - Growth Ahead, Stay Tuned.... Are you a Senior Software Engineer (Python, Go) who has a strong interest in joining an early stage startup focused on disrupting the Credit & Identity space thru a decentralized data network??Are you a Senior Software Engineer who has a strong development background in building highly scalable systems with Python, Golang, C++, or Ruby??Are you a Senior Software Engineer who is looking to be a leader with an?organization where you'll be mentoring and giving technical guidance to other engineers??If yes, continue reading\u2026. ? Senior Software Engineer needed for a well-funded startup disrupting the Credit & Identity space off a decentralized data network. Based on the West Side of LA, this startup just closed a Significant Series A Round of funding, the founding team has an excellent track record of success and is looking to grow the team aggressively as they move into the New Year. You'll have the opportunity to build out key platforms for a decentralized data exchange working in Python, Golang and React, along with diving into Cryptography, Encryption, online identity and security. This is still a pre-launch opportunity and chance to get in on the ground floor to disrupt a 100-year-old+ industry.? ? WHAT YOU WILL BE DOING: Architecture and development of decentralized network of financial data to be shared in a peer to peer like network? Design and develop decentralized applications and API\u2019s to handle sensitive and confidential data Design, develop, deploy server APIs with industry leading best practices Work closely with other business units to understand, communicate, and build out the necessary systems for a blockchain network Lead, mentor and guide other engineers Lead the build out of the security infrastructure for APIs Work with a team to develop, design, and deploy additional microservices as the platform scales Set coding standard, write white papers and provide documentation to all key stakeholders ???????????????????????????????? WHAT YOU NEED: 7+ Years of Software Development experience Python, C++ or Ruby Development Experience or knowledge of Golang is a big plus Expert in backend development, distributed processing, caching, and monitoring of services? Experience in API design, development and deployment Database experience with SQL and/or NoSQL? Strong core development background with distributed systems Experience with blockchain development within the Ethereum ecosystem is a big plus Previous experience in FinTech, fraud, payments or credit is a major plus Knowledge of Kubernetes, Docker, and/or Terraform is a big plus Bachelor\u2019s Degree in Computer Science, Math or similar ? WHAT YOU WILL GET: Opportunity to work with some of the best talent in the FinTech space Opportunity to disrupt a 100+ year old industry Awesome office space in the heart of Silicon Beach Be one of the first 50 employees of the organizations Competitive base salary Strong Equity play Full Benefits \u2013 Health, Dental, Vision and Life Flexible working hours and environment Unlimited PTO 401K Free Gym Membership Other company perks ? So, if you\u2019re a Senior Software Engineer who is interested in building out a premier financial data system utilizing the most cutting-edge technologies in the market, please apply today. ",
    "Url": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/principal-software-engineer-at-fild-1718364871?trk=guest_job_details_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "Title": "FILD hiring Principal Software Engineer in Los Angeles, California, United States | LinkedIn",
    "Site": "linkedin"
}
