{
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "Location": "London, GB",
    "Date Posted": "Not Found",
    "Company name": "Blockchain.com",
    "Body": " Blockchain is the world's leading software platform for digital assets. Offering the largest production blockchain platform in the world, we share the passion to code, create, and ultimately build an open, accessible and fair financial future, one piece of software at a time. This is an opportunity to join our global Customer Success team working on our Turkish customer support team and ensuring the best experience possible for all customers using the Blockchain Exchange. Reporting to the Operations Lead, you are on the front line engaging with a growing community of users across Blockchain's portfolio of products.You will resolve customer contacts specific to our trading platform on Livechat, Zendesk and social media. This position will be based in our London office and requires flexible working hours, this does mean during busy periods you will be required to work some evenings and/or weekends. The suitable candidate for this role must be able to fluently communicate in the English & Turkish languages. What You Will Do Resolve incoming questions from incoming users via email, tickets and Livechat. Document support issues and contribute to knowledge base (Zendesk). Act as a bridge between our user operations, product, compliance, and engineering teams on product issues and bug resolution. Monitor social media channels on Twitter/Reddit and Facebook and make sure users receive prompt and amazing customer service. Support community and marketing efforts in the blockchain technology scene. What You Will Need The foremost quality for this position or any position at Blockchain is integrity. Experience with customer or technical support, a plus if you've used ZenDesk before. Experience with trading platforms is a plus! Passion for creating a positive user experience that is responsive and organized. Must be able to work in a fast-paced, diverse work environment with great follow through on tasks. Ability to work one weekend day (with one weekday off). Knowledge of cryptocurrencies. Fluent English & Turkish. Application Favorite GIF. LinkedIn profile. Link to personal website and/or blog (if applicable). ",
    "Url": "https://uk.linkedin.com/jobs/view/customer-success-associate-turkish-speaking-at-blockchain-com-1678957427?refId=03dea156-77f4-4c3d-b605-c8279ba74d56&position=4&pageNum=0&trk=guest_job_search_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "Title": "Blockchain.com hiring Customer Success Associate - Turkish Speaking in London, GB | LinkedIn",
    "Site": "linkedin"
}
