{
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "Location": "Bonn, 53113, DE",
    "Date Posted": "Not Found",
    "Company name": "Deutsche Post",
    "Body": " The Deutsche Post AG Headquarter (Corporate Center) in Bonn is currently looking for a: Blockchain-Architect (m/f/d) Unlimited contract | fulltime | As Blockchain Architect (m/f/d) you will be responsible for the following tasks: You're in charge: You Ensure a sound strategy for the Group Blockchain platform BLESS (Base-Line Eco System Service) that maximizes business value for DPDHL and customers Design and maintain the architecture and components of the BLESS platform to serve immediate use cases and customer requirements, but also to anticipate medium to long term trends in industry and customer requirements Plan and design the architecture to allow BLESS for scalability of transaction volumes, functionalities, participants, and customer use cases, and in line with DPDHL Enterprise Architecture You facilitate and create a technical roadmap for BLESS incorporation business unit architects You provide consulting: Ensure that our platform is compliant with internal information security policies Present strategy and key findings to Senior Mgmt. and IT Leads/Divisions Defining training material & conducting internal presentations /webinars You cooperate: Work with Group IT CoEs like API, IoT, Data Lake to enable collaborative approach and innovation Manage BLESS releases for DPDHL and customers Interact with specialist and management level of the IT of corporate divisions Maintain contact with internal and external Blockchain developers community (e.g. divisional IT teams, IT providers, Platform vendors) You define decision criteria and put them into practice: You are responsible for the end-to-end development of the overall platform strategy and the maintenance of our pipeline Steer BU architects and industry practitioners to create interoperability between our platform and other Blockchains Apply best practices for the optimization of processes, systems and methods in the IT sector Convince us with: Educational requirement: University master\u2019s degree or equivalent, preferably in computer science or a related field of study Experience and Know-How: Relevant professional experience at least 10-15 years; previous leadership experience of at least 3 years Proven applied, practical technical experience in enterprise Architecture, design platforms Prior experience in designing, building and implementing Blockchain technology esp. Ethereum, HyperLedger Experience is designing and building technology solution using Kafka, MySQL, Cassandra Hands on experience is developing solution using API 3.0, JSpring, JavaScript, Java, Python, Node,.NET Experience on IT architecture, esp. REST; Microservices / SOA and relevant products / solutions, e.g. Docker, Kubernetes, Greengrass or OpenShift as well as cloud offerings, e.g. Microsoft Azure, Google Cloud Platform or AWS Proven track common project management methods and agile project methods Personal qualifications: Excellent communication and conceptual skills Experience in moderating working groups in an international context Very good ability to work in a team and high degree of adaptability to different working methods and cultures, integrity and loyalty Great passion for information technology Start-up / Entrepreneur mindset Positive thinking and \u201ccan do\u201d mentality with the ability to assertiveness in complex business organizational environments, positive attitude in handling uncertainty Self-confident, communicative and professional demeanor Languages: Excellent written and spoken English skills; Knowledge of German is an advantage or willingness to acquire German language skills Corporate Benefits: Attractive remuneration and additional benefits active support in child support Company pension plan diverse health services & programs Comprehensive trainings inhouse canteen & free drinks Individual talent program Parking spaces / jobticket Flexible working hours & part-time mobile working international career opportunities Who are we?: Deutsche Post DHL Group is the world's leading provider of postal and logistics services. As one of the world's largest employers in over 220 countries and territories, we see the world through different eyes. With our network focused on service, quality and sustainability, we connect people around the world and improve their quality of life. This applies not only to our customers, but also to every single member of our team. Now it's your turn: Are you interested in this new professional challenge? Find out more about us at www.dpdhl.com and apply today via the 'Apply' button. We look forward to receiving your application! What do we need? To better assess your profile, please send us your complete application documents and your salary requirements. Any further questions? Feel free to contact Mr. Sven R?tzel (+49 (0) 228 189-52128) or sven.roetzel@dpdhl.com for all questions. ",
    "Url": "https://de.linkedin.com/jobs/view/blockchain-architect-m-f-d-at-deutsche-post-1723506311?refId=9d0a7980-1aa3-47ee-8da9-6eefc7b6895c&position=12&pageNum=0&trk=guest_job_search_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "Title": "Deutsche Post hiring Blockchain-Architect (m/f/d) in Bonn, 53113, DE | LinkedIn",
    "Site": "linkedin"
}
