{
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "Location": "Dublin, Dublin, Ireland",
    "Date Posted": "Not Found",
    "Company name": "Deloitte Ireland",
    "Body": " Confidence, Collaboration, Impact We\u2019re extremely proud of the talented professionals that work at Deloitte Ireland and we\u2019re always open to connecting with people interested in joining the team on our growth journey. ? About the team: Business-led. Technology-enabled Deloitte Ireland has a market leading technology practice of 550 consultants based in Dublin, supporting our clients across the breadth of IT & Digital, from strategy through to implementation and managed services. ? The Opportunity Technology: ?Client based project team in Dublin city centre Deloitte has exciting career opportunities for a Junior Tester within the Technology team. If successful, you would join our client based project team in Dublin city centre. ? Brief Description of the role: A Junior Tester is responsible for carrying out testing to the highest standard to ensure that issues are identified. The responsibilities are: Write test cases based on user stories / functional specs. Identify data requirements for testing. Peer review test cases from other team members. Execute test cases. Raise defects (SIRs) to development team and prioritise these defects. Support business users during business process testing (UAT). ? Skills required: ISTQB certification Knowledge of Testing Standards and approaches. Excellent written and oral communication skills. SQL skills. Experience of creating test cases. Experience of using Testing Tools including Microsoft Visual Studio, Microsoft Test Manager, JIRA, etc. Experience in the breadth of different types of testing such as: System Testing User Acceptance Testing Regression Testing Disturbance Testing Conformance Testing ? ? ? ? ? ? ? In addition to an in-depth understanding of the above technologies/ skill-sets, the successful candidate should also demonstrate other abilities and aptitudes including: Effective communication both orally and in writing in the English language; Willingness/ability to transfer skills to colleagues; Ensures general technical competencies and specialisations are kept up to date in line with industry developments; Effective customer service skills; Able to manage multiple complicated assignments simultaneously; Is self-motivated, able to work independently and is a team player; Can work effectively in a challenging environment. Benefits Training opportunities (access to premium online training platforms, in-house training, internal & external technical training, certification/exam support) Professional subscription: the firm will cover the cost of annual subscription to one approved professional body Tech events: attending external and Deloitte Technology's internal Tech seminars with SMEs in the practice as well as external speakers (topics in the past have included Azure, AWS, Big Data, Blockchain, DevOps, MuleSoft, Robotics) Deloitte Unplugged programme: initiatives which focus on employee wellness and wellbeing Corporate deals: discounts are available from a variety of organisations Tax efficient travel pass: save up to 51% on travel costs if you take part in our Taxsaver Commuter Ticket scheme Cycle to work scheme: Deloitte will facilitate the purchase of a bicycle and/or accessories up to a maximum of \u20ac1,000 through the cycle to work scheme. The scheme is tax efficient meaning savings of up to 51% on your purchase Bonus scheme Pension scheme options available Life assurance Health insurance discounts Social events ",
    "Url": "https://ie.linkedin.com/jobs/view/junior-tester-1%2B-year-s-experience-at-deloitte-ireland-1741945382?refId=3b2a1dbb-49d5-4356-84da-10d426781c4d&position=24&pageNum=0&trk=guest_job_search_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "Title": "Deloitte Ireland hiring Junior Tester - 1+ year's experience in Dublin, Dublin, Ireland | LinkedIn",
    "Site": "linkedin"
}
