{
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "Location": "Ahmadabad, Gujarat, India",
    "Date Posted": "Not Found",
    "Company name": "MindDeft Technologies",
    "Body": " Posted by: Seema Dhanak Seema Dhanak Employee Success Manager About US We are one the top Blockchain Solutions Provider (https://analyticsindiamag.com/top-blockchain-startups-in-india-to-watch-out-for-in-2020/) in India. Looking for Blockchain Tech lead with following responsibilities and requirements. Notes : This opening is for our Ahmedabad Office. However, if the canddidate is extra ordinary we would allow remote work - Contract (only from India, candidate from Bangalore will be preferred) but that's not our priority. Someone willing to join our Ahmedabad office would be preferred. No Agencies Please !!! Requirements Should have more than 5+ years of experience working on complex projects and experience of handling team members. Must have 3+ years of experience with different blockchain platforms like Ethereum, Hyperledger Fabric, R3 Corda and other popular Public - Private - Permission Blockchains. Must demonstrate Blockchain work in production. Fintech experience would be preferred. Ability to understand client requirements, architect and execute the same within predefined timeline. Having experience of designing technical and BRD documents would be an advantage. Strong skills of leadership, as this role requires managing of multiple technical teams working on different projects. Excellent client communication skills and must understand client budget and timeline. Knowledge of Node.js, React.jS, Web3.js, Python/Django would be preferred. As we are purely focusing on these technologies to deliver the solutions for our client. Collaborate with various line of business technology teams to design and build robust and performant blockchain-based solutions. Security-first development mindset Strong object oriented programming language background in one or more of the following languages: Go/Solidity, Java, JavaScript Experience with Linux and Windows. Must have experience of developing and deploying distributed applications on AWS, Azure, Google and other popular clouds. Familiarity with using Git or other version control software for source code management Distributed messaging experience such as Kafka will be an advantage Ready for International travel if required. Benefits 5 Days with flexible timings Exposure to some complex Blockchain project work Work from home in case of family emergency Good Package Chance of becoming Practice Lead if the things are going good. Please do not apply if you are not matching with the criteria or not having relevant experience. We will simply reject the applications. Thanks & Regards, Manoj Dhanak ",
    "Url": "https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/blockchain-lead-at-minddeft-technologies-1738811415?refId=21b7d7d7-8b43-465c-8d96-88dbc8c84948&position=3&pageNum=0&trk=guest_job_search_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "Title": "MindDeft Technologies hiring Blockchain Lead in Ahmadabad, Gujarat, India | LinkedIn",
    "Site": "linkedin"
}
