{
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "Location": "Dubai, United Arab Emirates",
    "Date Posted": "Not Found",
    "Company name": "ACCELaero - Information Systems Associates FZE ",
    "Body": " Posted by: Sreyasi Sharma Sreyasi Sharma Human Resources Manager at Air Arabia 1.Develops a cost-effective 3-year IT Strategy and business plan based on business needs and objectives. Ensures that the IT strategy serves the overall IT objectives, and leverages advancements in technology that brings a competitive edge to Air Arabia Group. 2.Collaborates with Stakeholders to carry out analysis and feasibility studies and recommend changes on business processes through improvements in information systems. 3.Reviews performance of IT applications and services against approved objectives ensuring business satisfaction levels are met and monitored. 4.Shares responsibility; develops and maintains effective working relationships with business heads, line managers, and ISA teams in the assigned business units to ensure best services are provided; advises business stakeholders on IT investment decisions. 5.Plans, implements and manages IT budgets and work programs for business units that realize business benefits and best practices in industry, as well, meet/exceed Air Arabia Group\u2019s expectations. Ensures programs are implemented end-to-end including transition into \u201cbusiness-as-usual\u201d. 6.Identifies business focus areas to develop/manage a roadmap of all business applications ensuring the functional capability of systems is enhanced in line with changing business needs. 7.Takes full responsibility for satisfactory completion and periodic review of approved IT projects ensuring deliverables are completed within agreed timescale, cost and budgets. 8.Provides effective leadership to the project team and regular accurate communication to stakeholders. 9.Develops and maintains knowledge in Group business domain; collaborates with technology experts and suppliers to recommend/deliver feasible solutions to business needs in alignment with design and architecture principles and fundamentals approved by the Group. 10.Decides on all IT business solutions and requirements for the assigned departments and acts as the sole representative of Air Arabia Group at ISA to address those solutions and requirements and ensure achieving them rightly, timely and cost-effectively. 11.Keeps abreast with new innovations in the IT industry to enhance service continuously. Conducts benchmark studies and analysis to stand on best practices in the industry and incorporate those practices within the IT environment to enhance efficiency. 12.Partners with ISA teams to achieve and stream standardization in Information Technology areas within Air Arabia Group.?Provides support and guidance to cross-functional teams on business requirements to incorporate in IT policies, procedures and performance measures. 13.Performs any other additional responsibilities as directed by the HOD/CEO. ",
    "Url": "https://ae.linkedin.com/jobs/view/manager-it-business-solution-flight-operations-engineering-at-accelaero-information-systems-associates-fze-1714591539?trk=guest_job_details_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "Title": "ACCELaero - Information Systems Associates FZE hiring Manager IT Business Solution- Flight Operations & Engineering in Dubai, United Arab Emirates | LinkedIn",
    "Site": "linkedin"
}
