{
    "Salary": "$60,000",
    "Location": "Not Found",
    "Date Posted": "Not Found",
    "Company name": "unstoppable domains",
    "Body": " We believe that everyone, everywhere in the world should be able to access the internet and conduct business without fear of censorship. Because no one person or group can be trusted to decide what we see and do, the only safe system is one where nobody in the world can interfere. We of course believe that illegal and offensive content should be filtered by applications and think blockchain tools will make such filtering easier than it is today. We believe this technology is critical for promoting free speech and opportunity around the world. Come join us and help us spread this technology across the globe. Unstoppable Domains is building Domains on blockchains. The company builds and launches it\u2019s own domain extensions (like .com or .info) and sells domains direct to consumers at unstoppabledomains.com. Description: We're seeking a Community Manager to interact directly with our community and get them excited about blockchain domains. You will answer questions, share information resources, create support tickets for support engineers to complete, and follow up with customers to ensure their issues are resolved. You will communicate with customers primarily on Telegram, but also over email, Twitter DM, and other channels. Community Managers will work in shifts so that someone is monitoring the community 24/7. Your goal is to assist, educate, and excite every member of the community. Responsibilities: Communicate directly with customers on Telegram, Twitter, DM, email, and other channels - answer questions, resolve issues, make them happy Create support tickets and work with Support Engineers to ensure a great customer experience Monitor conversations in Telegram and guide the conversation towards learning and positivity Contribute to a knowledge base of questions about Unstoppable Domains, blockchain domains, and related areas of blockchain technology Requirements: 1+ years experience in Community Management or Customer Success Strong written/verbal communication skills High attention to detail Ability to manage a large number of tasks per day Familiarity with blockchain technology Skills Community management, written/verbal communication Compensation $60,000 + Equity Applications for this job are currently closed. ",
    "Url": "https://crypto.jobs/jobs/community-manager-at-unstoppable-domains",
    "Title": "Community Manager Job at unstoppable domains",
    "Site": "crypto"
}
