{
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "Location": "Jersey City, New Jersey",
    "Date Posted": "Not Found",
    "Company name": "Wipro Limited",
    "Body": " Posted by: Vineet Jha Vineet Jha Talent Acquisition Lead Blockchain SME Wipro Ltd (NYSE:WIT) is a global information technology, consulting and outsourcing company with 160,000 employees from 100+ nationalities serving clients in 175+ cities across 6 continents. The company posted revenues of $7.3 billion for the financial year 2015-16. ? Wipro helps customers do business better by leveraging our industry-wide experience, deep technology expertise, comprehensive portfolio of services and vertically aligned business model. Our 55+ dedicated emerging technologies \u2018Centers of Excellence\u2019 enable us to harness the latest technology for delivering business capability to our clients. ? Wipro has identified Blockchain as a strategic focus for the company and is investing significant amounts of resources and funding to become the leader in this space. Working as an SME in our Blockchain Advisory Practice, you will play an integral role and will have the opportunity to be a part of building Wipro\u2019s position as an industry leader in the Blockchain technology. ? Blockchain SME will provide advisory services to our customers and help them build new disruptive business solutions leveraging Blockchain technologies. You will get tremendous opportunity to influence Wipro\u2019s existing and new customers towards adopting Blockchain technologies in their next generation business initiatives. ? We are looking for Blockchain experts and thought leaders in the industry with experience in developing Blockchain based solutions and a demonstrated active interest participating in industry/tech events showcasing thought leadership in bitcoin / blockchain technologies. ? In this role you will work closely with Wipro\u2019s Blockchain Practice Leader, and other Wipro Advisors and the account organization (Vertical Heads, Client Partners, and Business Development Managers) to manage and prioritize advisory services delivery. Role :? GTM Lead\u2013 Blockchain Experience: ?12-14 Years? About Practice Wipro Technologies is Scaling the Global Blockchain Practice with a focus to provide Advisory and Thought Leadership to Wipro\u2019s Top Customers on Blockchain Architecture and Consulting Services for defining strategy, roadmap and plan Developed production grade blockchain network for large global enterprise client Role Description: The role is in the Blockchain Advisory Practice providing subject matter expertise in Blockchain technologies, deliver architecture and consulting services, provide thought leadership in Blockchain space across our customers and the eco-system and thereby drive revenue/order boking for Blockchain practice. Requirements?: Mandatory 10+ years of consulting and architecture experience with at least 2+ year in Blockchain technologies Understand client and market perspectives on various pain points and business opportunities (from client point of view). Meet Pipeline, Order Bookings Targets: Ensure order-booking of Blockchain is meeting the targets. Work with Business & Sales Teams: Develop differentiated Value Propositions and Solution Ideas, Understand client and market perspectives on various pain points and business opportunities (from client point of view) Blockchain technologies: Work experience in at least one of the blockchain platforms like Ethereum, Quorum, R3 Corda, Hyperledger, etc. Understanding of Bitcoin or other crypto currencies Experience working with distributed applications Understanding of various distributed consensus methodologies (Mining, PoS, etc). Understanding of cryptography, including asymmetric (pub/private key), symmetric, hash functions, encryption/signatures. Hands-on experience in using any one of the following (or similar) languages: Java, Golang, Rust, Scala, Haskell, Erlang, Python, C, C++, C# ? Desirable Speaker at key Blockchain conferences Published blogs and whitepapers on blockchain Experience handling RFPs end to end \u2013 interfacing with the various service lines as required Have done bid response presentation to customers and won large deals Active demonstrable interest in Bitcoin/Blockchain, distributed applications (Daaps) Previous work contributing to open source Bitcoin/Altcoin project or any Blockchain applications. Familiar with Onsite-Offshore model: should have worked with IT Service providers having a significant presence in India Knowledge in Financial Services is preferable Responsibilities: Consulting & Architecture Provide technology consulting services on Blockchain Work with domain teams on industry Blockchain use case analysis and prioritization Define architecture and best practices for Blockchain technology adoption and implementation Disseminate best practices and act as a knowledgeable resource for Blockchain engineering problem solving ?? Innovation & Product engineering Conceptualize, design and build Blockchain framework and assets Lead solution development and capability development in Blockchain and related technologies such as Ethereum, crypto-currencies and smart contracts Write high - caliber code to satisfy project requirements Be part of a fast- paced, agile environment ? Thought Leadership & Branding Evangelize Blockchain technology through thought leadership sessions with key customers and internal Wipro teams Participate in industry events and speaking sessions on Blockchain Should write point of views and white papers on Blockchain ? Lead Generation Should proactively reach out to internal stakeholders and customers to generate leads on Blockchain ? Pre Sales Participate in Presales and Customer workshops as per need Should be able to work with partners to generate leads and convert them to opportunities ? Alliance Work with Blockchain partners, both startups and enterprise vendors building joint value-propositions and solution assets ? ",
    "Url": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/gtm-lead-blockchain-at-wipro-limited-1653477325?refId=4497a685-ebc9-4e5e-aaeb-4bb21353b9fb&position=13&pageNum=0&trk=guest_job_search_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "Title": "Wipro Limited hiring GTM Lead - Blockchain in Jersey City, New Jersey | LinkedIn",
    "Site": "linkedin"
}
