{
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "Location": "Haifa, IL",
    "Date Posted": "Not Found",
    "Company name": "IBM",
    "Body": " Introduction At IBM, work is more than a job - it's a calling: To build. To design. To code. To consult. To think along with clients and sell. To make markets. To invent. To collaborate. Not just to do something better, but to attempt things you've never thought possible. Are you ready to lead in this new era of technology and solve some of the world's most challenging problems? If so, lets talk. Your Role and Responsibilities Blockchain technology has attracted a lot of attention during recent few years, owning its success primarily to great potential in realising wide range of the business applications which spans across set of mutually distrusted parties. In fact blockchain allows to due to eliminate the need of a trusted third party, Hyperledger Fabric is an enterprises grade permissioned blockchain, open sourced by IBM and currently maintained by the Linux Foundation. The Blockchain group specializes in the study and development of distributed ledger technologies, enhancing Hyperledger Fabric architecture by applying edge research technologies. We analyse blockchain application and use cases from variety of domains such as financial services, supply chains, and transportation to extract requirement and functionalities which could be added to the platform. Blockchain is multidisciplinary technology which combines distributed system algorithms and cryptography an a unique way to enable qualities like non-repudiation, transparency, provenance, and fault-tolerance. We Offer An opportunity to work and conduct high-quality research with a leading research group in the Blockchain and Distributed Ledgers area of on a topic that is on the cutting edge of research and the technology arena. Required Technical and Professional Expertise We are looking for a talented, brilliant student, who is able to execute his tasks promptly with high quality, self-learning with excellent programming skills. Knowledge in Operating Systems and Networking is an advantage. BSC, MSC, PHD students from computer science and computer engineering faculties with a year and a half remaining till graduation. Please add your grade sheet to your application. Preferred Technical And Professional Expertise N/A About Business Unit With more than 3,000 researchers in 12 labs located across six continents, IBM Research brings together hundreds of researchers who possess unparalleled industry expertise to address some of the world's most challenging problems. Join us as we do pioneering work in areas such as cognitive computing, augmented intelligence, quantum computing, and blockchain, to name a few. Your Life @ IBM What matters to you when you\u2019re looking for your next career challenge? Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the world? What about somewhere with incredible and diverse career and development opportunities \u2013 where you can truly discover your passion? Are you looking for a culture of openness, collaboration and trust \u2013 where everyone has a voice? What about all of these? If so, then IBM could be your next career challenge. Join us, not to do something better, but to attempt things you never thought possible. Impact. Inclusion. Infinite Experiences. Do your best work ever. About IBM IBM\u2019s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that progress is made through progressive thinking, progressive leadership, progressive policy and progressive action. IBMers believe that the application of intelligence, reason and science can improve business, society and the human condition. Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are the largest technology and consulting employer in the world, with more than 380,000 IBMers serving clients in 170 countries. Location Statement For additional information about location requirements, please discuss with the recruiter following submission of your application. Being You @ IBM IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status. ",
    "Url": "https://il.linkedin.com/jobs/view/blockchain-student-at-ibm-1632911793?trk=guest_job_details_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "Title": "IBM hiring Blockchain student in Haifa, IL | LinkedIn",
    "Site": "linkedin"
}
