{
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "Location": "Austin, Texas, United States",
    "Date Posted": "Not Found",
    "Company name": "SkyGrid",
    "Body": " SkyGrid (skygrid.com) is a Boeing, SparkCognition company that will enable the future of urban aerial mobility. Based in Austin, Texas, SkyGrid will deliver a platform capable of providing safe airspace operations, including unmanned aircraft systems (UAS) traffic management (UTM) solutions ? a key step toward integrating a significant number of autonomous air vehicles into the global airspace. As the first AI and blockchain-powered unmanned aerial operating system, SkyGrid will facilitate a wide variety of UAS-enabled services, including package delivery, industrial inspections, and emergency assistance. SkyGrid is seeking a Corporate Development & Strategy Associate to play a key role in the organic and inorganic growth of this company. The Associate will work directly with the Director of Strategy and Operations and Chief Software Architect, and be involved in transformative projects which include acquisitions, capital raises, large customer transactions, internal product strategy, go-to-market strategy, etc. The Associate must have a strong work ethic and be willing to provide strategic marketing and business development leadership, analytical thinking, strong project management skills, and a fresh perspective to every project. At SkyGrid, you can grow through challenging work, get involved in meaningful projects and receive great coaching from our leaders. Responsibilities Lead and effectively manage complex business projects from beginning-to-end Build strong client relationships through effective interpersonal skills Responsible for all corporate development activities including recognizing potential acquisition targets and executing on them Responsible for business modeling, new business development processes, strategy and planning, etc. Market and product opportunity analysis, commercialization of new products, new product introduction process, pricing analysis, competitive analysis, segmentation, brand strategy, digital strategy, etc. Work both collaboratively and autonomously Qualifications 2+ years of experience post-undergrad Experience in GTM analysis including product market fit, pricing and competitive analysis Proficient in building high quality strategy decks Highly proficient in building financial models Self-motivated individual who will take the initiative to find new markets for SkyGrid products Must have strong interpersonal skills Ability to do Corp Dev, Biz Dev, Partnership, Strategy work rW0EosIZUm ",
    "Url": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/corporate-development-strategy-associate-at-skygrid-1704901511?refId=2dc0b6ad-8dcc-46e0-bef2-1a409f7cac14",
    "Title": "SkyGrid hiring Corporate Development & Strategy Associate in Austin, Texas, United States | LinkedIn",
    "Site": "linkedin"
}
