{
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "Location": "Merrimack, New Hampshire, United States",
    "Date Posted": "Not Found",
    "Company name": "Fidelity Investments",
    "Body": " We seek a data architectwith data, database and software engineering background, who remains hands-on,and has demonstrated proficiency in developing data architectures, databasemodeling and designing databases supporting evolving business needs. Weseek an individual with passion for data and ability to work across distributedteams to implement best solutions that lowers the total cost of ownership andimproves time to market. We are looking for someone eager to learn Blockchain technologies such Bitcoin,Ethereum, etc. The Team Fidelity Digital Assetsoffers a full-service enterprise-grade platform for securing, trading andsupporting digital assets, such as bitcoin. Fidelity Digital Assets combinesthe operational and technical capabilities of the broader Fidelity organizationwith dedicated block chain expertise to deliver a completely new offering forinstitutional investors. Fidelity Investments is one of the world\u2019s largest andmost diversified financial services providers with more than $7.3 trillion inclient assets under administration. Learn more at http://fidelitydigitalassets.com The Expertise You Have BS, MS preferred 10+ years Architecture experience. The Skills You Bring You are a seasoned Data Architect, comfortable dealing with ambiguity, who strives for the best outcomes and change while being cautious by understanding risks and threats. Extensive experience with SDLC (Agile-SCRUM / SAFE) and DevOps. Experience in defining technology strategies, blueprints, roadmaps and collaboratively defining solutions and enabling architectures. Proven hands on expertise in Data Architecture, Data Modeling, Database architecture, DB Design, Database programming (SQL/PlSql, etc.) and batch processing in a distributed client server environment. Experience with Relational (Oracle), In memory (KDB), Hadoop, NoSQL, Columnar DB platforms Cloud enablement of Databases and Analytics environments (Snowflake). Understanding of Data Exploration, Visual Analytics concepts, experience with BI (OBIEE, Power BI) and visualization tools such as Tableau. Expertise in architecting Master Data Management, Operational Data Stores, Data Warehousing solutions. Expertise designing Batch and event driven processes, ETL and Data Quality processes. Exposure to Cloud implementation, Containers and Cloud integration platforms. Working knowledge of service architecture, API, Security infrastructure. Well-grounded knowledge of engineering and continuous delivery practices. Proven leadership skills, demonstrated ability to mentor, influence and partner with application architects, engineering and product teams to deliver scalable robust data solutions. The Value You Deliver Successfully deliver key technology solutions supporting Fidelity Digital Assets business. Define patterns, standards, methodologies and tools for data usage, design, engineering and development. Conduct code reviews. Lead, mentor and provide design and architecture for delivery teams. Collaborate with product and engineering leads and senior management on product and delivery requirements, roadmaps and vision. Articulate strategic data requirements and outline high level integrated designs to meet those requirements. Collaborate with solution architects to define the technical solution for data access, data movement, and data transformation. Ensure project alignment with data architecture strategies. Review data models, data placement and sourcing decisions Promote opportunities to provide data reuse, managing the issues of centralization and replication. Company Overview At Fidelity, we are focused on makingour financial expertise broadly accessible and effective in helping people livethe lives they want. We are a privately held company that places a high degreeof value in creating and nurturing a work environment that attracts the besttalent and reflects our commitment to our associates. We are proud of our diverse and inclusive workplace wherewe respect and value our associatefor their unique perspectives and experiences. For information about working atFidelity, visit FidelityCareers.com. FidelityInvestments is an equal opportunity employer. ",
    "Url": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/director-data-architecture-at-fidelity-investments-1683283235?trk=guest_job_details_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "Title": "Fidelity Investments hiring Director - Data Architecture in Merrimack, NH, US | LinkedIn",
    "Site": "linkedin"
}
