{
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "Location": "Not Found",
    "Date Posted": "Not Found",
    "Company name": "CREDITS",
    "Body": " Looking for fresh new challenges? Want to work on a global brand in the field of Blockchain technology? Then we can offer you a work-life balance . Credits Blockchain Company is looking for a strong self-organised team member in the US market. We consider that it is very important to create a strong company and personal value of the Credits blockchain brand in the US market. That is why we are seeking: \u2022 Strong, determind BD professional with extensive experience in the development of the company entire business, in particular, with experience of interaction, conclusion of partnership agreements with large Forbes 2000 companies and unicorns, efficiency and partnership relations in the development of blockchain projects. \u2022 A leader who thrives in a rapidly changing work environment \u2014 capable of planning and executing quickly to ensure maximum interaction with US corporations. \u2022 A candidate with the ability to work at all stages of the deal - preliminary negotiations, preparation of a solution for the company, presentation of this decision and the opportunity to bring the deal to completion. \u2022 A team player with experience in blockchain companies as a BD or experience in large corporations, which is an ideal experience. Having established contacts and network in the largest companies and the possibility of easy access to them will be your initial advantages. Tasks and responsibilities: Seeking for companies interested in blockchain analysis Corporate blockchain market trends analysis Approach to the largest companies interested in using of the Credits blockchain. Propose the necessary direction of business development in the US market. Developing a product line, positioning methods with a team of top management Exhibitions, organization of events, coordination of PR-activities related to business development. Provide technical / commercial information related to the company's offer. Maximize consolidated profitability from the company agreements and partnerships Managing external relationships with partners of the company, potential investors, all other companies interested in cooperation with \u00c3\u0083\u0090\u00c3\u0082\u00c2\u00a1redits. Skills Communicability, responsibility, time-management Compensation 7500$ ",
    "Url": "https://crypto.jobs/jobs/senior-business-development-manager-at-credits-1",
    "Title": "Senior Business development manager Job at CREDITS",
    "Site": "crypto"
}
