{
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "Location": "Remote",
    "Date Posted": "Not Found",
    "Company name": "Cryptape",
    "Body": " Cryptape People often think blockchain is coins, but we believe blockchain can transform the world through every aspect of people\u2019s lives, most importantly reframing trust. We, Cryptape, are re-creating trust with technology, and provide the infrastructure and services for the crypto economy. To achieve this vision, we built a layered crypto-economy network. Upon that foundation, we designed a highly customizable blockchain framework to enable anyone in the world to develop their own blockchain securely. Although we are interested in various applications of the blockchain, our primary focus in Cryptape is the infrastructure. If you love Rust, curious about blockchain technology, enjoy learning, and if you believe the block chain infrastructure can upgrade our life (through a decentralized distributed shared ledger), please join us to invent the next generation of trust. At Cryptape, we believe in open-source technology, respect various methodologies of \u201cGetting tech done\u201c, prioritize efficiency over the process. We also think code acts better than talk. We encourage knowledge sharing and participate in many key dev events to boost innovation because we do believe that innovation can happen from every one of our team members. Adopting remote work in 2019, we are a highly efficient distributed team. Currently, almost all of our engineers work from home and enjoy the convenience it brought to them. Responsibilities * Design and development core modules * Participate in system architecture optimization, performance optimization, etc. * Participate in the research and implementation of blockchain-related cutting-edge technologies * Development language: Rust Key Qualifications * Love RUST. If you're not familiar with RUST right now, you should be familiar with a back-end language so you can get started quickly * Familiar with open source blockchain system designs such as Bitcoin, Ethereum, etc. * Familiar with distributed system Preferable Qualifications * Experience in asynchronous programming * Familiar with one of the consensus agreements of BFT, Tendermint, Raft, DPos, etc. * Familiar with the virtual machine (EVM, WASM) * Familiar with the network (P2P) * Familiar with the database * Familiar with the of RISC-V Benefits and perks * Work remotely * Great benefits and vacation * Learning sponsored by company * Participate Dev events Skills Rust Compensation TBD ",
    "Url": "https://crypto.jobs/jobs/senior-blockchain-engineer-at-cryptape",
    "Title": "Senior Blockchain Engineer Job at Cryptape",
    "Site": "crypto"
}
