{
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "Location": "Menlo Park, California, United States",
    "Date Posted": "Not Found",
    "Company name": "Facebook",
    "Body": " Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started. Calibra is a newly formed Facebook subsidiary whose goal is to provide financial services that will enable people to access Libra (https://libra.org/en-US/), a new global currency powered by blockchain technology. Our first product will be a digital wallet that lets you save, send, and spend Libra. The wallet will be available in Messenger, WhatsApp, and as a standalone app \u2014 and we expect to launch in 2020. At the moment we're a small, fast-growing, and talented group of people who are passionate about changing the world. It's safe to say the team's mission is big, bold, and needs outstanding researchers to come to fruition. Our work aims to understand the people who will use our products, gleaning insights to drive product direction and strategy. Our methods range from generative to evaluative, ethnography to experimentation, and involves close collaboration between researchers and our cross-functional partners. As we scale the team, we're looking for teammates with a range of expertise from specialists to methodological generalists, with skills in qualitative, quantitative, and/or design research methods. For this position, we are looking for experienced researchers with strong mixed method skills. The right candidates will be excellent communicators, knowledgeable about product development and design, curious about the relationship between technology and society, comfortable in a fast-moving organization, excited to collaborate, and passionate about understanding and helping people. If this sounds like you, come join us as we work to solve complex and meaningful problems for people around the world! Responsibilities Work closely with product teams to identify important research questions Generate insights that shape how product teams think about medium and long-term product strategy Design and execute studies that address both user behavior and attitudes using a wide variety of qualitative and quantitative methods, and interpret analysis through the lens of UX, HCI, and social science Collaborate closely with other researchers Partner with design, product management, data science, content strategy, engineering, marketing, and other technical roles to conduct and share research Act as a thought leader in the domain of research, while advocating for the people who could use our products Communicate insights in creative and compelling ways Minimum Qualification B.A/B.S. in Computer Science, HCI, Psychology, Sociology, Anthropology, Information Science, Economics, Political Science, Mathematics, or a related field 3+ years of experience in applied product research Knowledge of qualitative, quantitative and user-centered research methods (e.g., interviewing, ethnography, surveys, co-design, concept-testing, etc.) Preferred Qualification MA/MS/PhD in a human behavior related field (Computer Science, HCI, Psychology, Sociology, Anthropology, Information Science, Economics, Political Science, Mathematics, etc.) Experience conducting research for global products Experience working with vendors to execute research Experience working with large-scale data in multi-method studies Experience with survey design and response effects Experience with applied statistics Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com. ",
    "Url": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/mixed-methods-ux-researcher-calibra-blockchain-at-facebook-1743441376?refId=2dc0b6ad-8dcc-46e0-bef2-1a409f7cac14&position=12&pageNum=0&trk=guest_job_search_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "Title": "Facebook hiring Mixed Methods UX Researcher, Calibra (Blockchain) in Menlo Park, California, United States | LinkedIn",
    "Site": "linkedin"
}
