{
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "Location": "Berlin, Berlin, Germany",
    "Date Posted": "Not Found",
    "Company name": "Parity Technologies",
    "Body": " From ensuring that we run well-operating bootnodes using our software (and thus eating our own dog food to some extent), to monitoring the network and responding to emergency releases, there is a vast amount of work involved in running blockchain infrastructure, the goal of the launch ops team is to collect requirements, establish a plan and execute it to make sure that the part of the network that runs our software runs as well as it possibly can. A significant task of the blockchain ops team is to set up the staking and validating operations for Parity Technologies. This is a complex problem with a lot of value at stake. Running a robust infrastructure that is easy to monitor and resilient to attack is difficult and needs a lot of attention. Requirements Experience in setting up, running and automation of infrastructure at all layers of the stack. Understanding of what a blockchain is and how to deploy a blockchain network On call experience with the mindset of site reliability, including incident response and postmortem analysis Exceptional knowledge of Linux, including virtualisation and security aspects Experience with Kubernetes and common stacks in use with it (ELK, prometheus / alertmanager, grafana) Experience with configuration management tools (e.g. Ansible, Terraform, Vagrant) Knowledge of at least one programming language Benefits Working at Parity means focusing on the stuff that counts building of the most cutting-edge technology for the future web. Our teams enjoy a high degree of trust, freedom and autonomy to achieve that goal Because we value initiative and learning, we've defined a generous personal budget to attend conferences or skills courses of your own choosing. We think you know what's best for you! Parity is a diverse company with people from various countries and we will support you with German or English language courses where needed Not all of us who collaborate work in the same place. Bringing the team together is something we value a lot, so we regularly go on team retreats We handle personal information in accordance with our privacy policy https //parity.io/privacy ",
    "Url": "https://de.linkedin.com/jobs/view/blockchain-ops-at-parity-technologies-1692659558?refId=7f04118d-48d4-46e4-9a0d-87b4782efba3&position=25&pageNum=0&trk=guest_job_search_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "Title": "Parity Technologies hiring Blockchain Ops in Berlin, Berlin, Germany | LinkedIn",
    "Site": "linkedin"
}
