{
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "Location": "Sofia, Sofia City, Bulgaria",
    "Date Posted": "Not Found",
    "Company name": "Crypto.com",
    "Body": " Posted by: Tom Lau Tom Lau Director of Talent Acquisition at CRYPTO.com - Blockchain / Fintect / Startup Description We are Foris Europe - the operational power of Crypto.com. Crypto.com is redefining how money is being moved, spent and invested. Crypto.com is democratizing blockchain technology by designing beautiful, simple and useful financial services that have a lasting, positive impact on people\u2019s lives. For our Sofia office we are looking for a dynamic and experienced SVP Operations. You will work closely with the local team in Sofia as well as the teams in our Hong Kong headquarters to support the Operations teams. In this role, you will: Lead and direct the operational excellence within the Company; Oversee and manage regional and cross-functional and cross-border divisions; Lead teams responsible for the respective Operations areas and participate actively in their recruitment, training, onboarding and progress with the organization; Evaluate performance of the organization in meeting objectives and determine where costs can be reduced, what can be improved and what should be changed; Deploy and maintain industry leading operational standards, and liaise with the respective Company divisions to promote them and ensure they are strictly followed; Develop and govern internal policies and procedures; Stay up to date with any changes in their domain; Provide a full range of operations related support services including advice, guidance mentoring of staff together with robust monitoring and subsequent reporting to the executive team; Receive and handle escalated requests from all fields of Operations, with the assistance of the responsible departments, as necessary; Be responding promptly to any request for information from various departments and levels within the Company, but also from external vendors, partners or affected parties; Oversee accounting and financial analysis and monitor for profitability and losses; Partner with other senior management to discuss strategies, objectives, and obstacles related to the Company`s operational teams; Partner with other customer-facing teams such as Marketing and Strategy to reach common Company goals; Oversee regulatory visits and external operational audits; Take corrective action to solve organizational problems. Requirements Higher education, which is suitable for the operational field of the Company. No specific certifications required. Proven management experience of minimum 5 years in Operations with minimum 3 years at a Senior level, is required. Experience in consultancy, especially in the leading international consultancy companies, will be considered a very strong advantage. Profound knowledge of the applicable contemporary practices in the field of Operations, including but not limited to understanding of operational matters regarding Customer Service, Compliance, Risk, Payments, local and regional regulations. Sound knowledge of local, European and global fintech industry and practices in terms of operational excellence would be considered a strong advantage. The SVP must have a reasonable understanding of the Company\u2019s business, its technical, financial and organizational structure. The SVP must be able to communicate effectively with people at all levels both inside and outside the Company and should have strong written and verbal communication skills. They must have the ability for effective task prioritization and ability for skillful organization and management of all processes part of the Company\u2019s activity. Strong communication skills, integrity, initiative, perseverance, organizational and leadership skills, strong ability to follow up, follow through and meet deadlines. Excellent command of English; excellent computer literacy. Benefits We offer an attractive compensation package working in a cutting-edge field of Fintech; Huge responsibilities from Day 1. Be the owner of your own learning curve. The possibilities are limitless and depend on you; You get to work in a very dynamic environment and be part of an international team; You will get to be involved in developing a brand-new product from scratch alongside a talented team. If you meet the requirements above and feel ready to dive into our challenging dynamics, by joining the the team on a permanent contract basis, we are looking forward to receiving your CV in English by applying below. Only shortlisted candidates will be contacted with information on the next steps of our application process. ",
    "Url": "https://bg.linkedin.com/jobs/view/svp-of-operations-global-fintech-startup-at-crypto-com-1719876108?refId=6906e7b5-c004-4f4c-b0ea-f97a6d12a6a4&position=10&pageNum=0&trk=guest_job_search_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "Title": "Crypto.com hiring SVP of Operations - Global Fintech startup in Sofia, Sofia City, Bulgaria | LinkedIn",
    "Site": "linkedin"
}
