{
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "Location": "San Francisco, California, United States",
    "Date Posted": "Not Found",
    "Company name": "Muse Incorporated",
    "Body": " Muse Incorporated is a privately owned C-Corporation established in San Francisco, California. The company\u2019s culture is diverse, and it\u2019s morals focused around the needs and desires of the artists and listeners that make what Muse is today. Muse Protocol is a company dedicated to decentralized ownership, transparency, and most of all, power to the people as a whole. With Muse Protocol, the world can become that much closer with art, and art can become more profitable in its true, raw essence. Muse Incorporated challenges the current structure of the music industry, disrupts the available market at its core, and implements a new era of listener engagement that truly places listeners up close and personal with the music they love so much. Muse is exactly what it stands to be, the driving force behind what makes music what it is today. The Director of Business Development is responsible for building a partner portfolio that enhances the growth, operations, and reach of our marketplace. As the liaison between external and internal stakeholders our team focuses on developing and testing new strategies for partner engagement. Our current areas of focus include (but are not limited to) software, growth marketing, and new verticals. We need a highly motivated self-starter with an engaging personality who wants the individual responsibility to create and own business relationships and the leadership qualities to build a team. The ideal candidate will have a strong ability to think strategically and analytically about business and product opportunities, demonstrated a record of executing high-value partnerships, and experience managing a team of high performing individuals. What You\u2019ll Achieve \u2022 Envision new partnerships and business opportunities that positively impact our core business, enhancing the outcomes of internal business partners \u2022 Evaluate and prioritize partnership opportunities, performing quantitative and qualitative due diligence \u2022 Build strategic relationships with key external stakeholders and represent their needs internally, building a bridge between Muse and our partners \u2022 Collaborate with cross-functional partners in operations, product, marketing, and PR to launch and manage our key partnerships \u2022 Focus on the growth and development of the Business Development team, with a focus on managing by example. About You \u2022 Bridge builder - you love finding creative ways to bring parties together \u2022 High-energy and confident - you\u2019ll do whatever it takes to win \u2022 Long term - you value long term relationships and outcomes \u2022 Servant Leader - you pride yourself on leading by example \u2022 You\u2019re an owner - driven, focused, and quick to take ownership of your work Qualifications \u2022 Minimum 10 years of experience in business development, law, investment banking, management consulting, private equity, operations, or similar role \u2022 AA/AS/BA/BS/Masters in Economics, Business, Engineering, or other quantitative focus \u2022 Minimum 3 years in management position \u2022 Excellent communication and interpersonal skills Skills Management, Communication, Interpersonal Skills, Business Development, Consulting, Operations Compensation DOE + Equity ",
    "Url": "https://crypto.jobs/jobs/director-of-business-development-at-muse-incorporated",
    "Title": "Director of Business Development Job at Muse Incorporated",
    "Site": "crypto"
}
