{
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "Location": "Utrecht, Utrecht, Netherlands",
    "Date Posted": "Not Found",
    "Company name": "Rabobank",
    "Body": " Imagine\u2026 that you as a Blockchain Specialist are bridging the gap between blockchain technology by working at the heart of Innovation within Rabobank. By accelerating the application of this game changing technology, you are making a difference for the organisation by identifying relevant opportunities, setting up experiments, validating them with internal and external customers and bring them to maturity. Making a difference Working together on projects which are enabled by blockchain technology with colleagues from other departments. Actively engaging with other corporates, start-ups and knowledge institutions on how to approach societal challenges. Working together with developer teams to set up blockchain projects in several phases. Validating blockchain enabled projects with our internal and external customers for an excellent customer experience. Keeping an overview of technical developments together with the team and formulate a research agenda to gain more understanding. Visiting the right events and participate in relevant courses to continuously develop your knowledge and expertise. An example of one of our blockchain projects which makes a difference is we.trade. It resulted in a blockchain based platform for trade finance, which makes international trade more secure, faster and easier in a consortium of fourteen banks (and growing) throughout Europe. With Each Other Collaboration is at the heart of everything we do. The Blockchain Acceleration Lab combines forces to explore blockchain technology as a means, by conducting several projects and research. We are doing this is together with our business departments, external organisations and knowledge institutions. With you as Blockchain Specialist the team consists of 11 colleagues including: Claudia Terpstra, Blockchain Specialist: \u2018In my role I have a lot of freedom which means I can work on a variety of projects. I use the skills that I have and gain skills in areas that I would like to improve on. This all with the help of our knowledgeable team.\u2019 Read more about Claudia\u2019s role as Blockchain Specialist at rabobank.jobs Marnix van den Bent, Blockchain Engineer: \u2018Together with our colleagues and (inter)national partners we can make a difference for the organization. The open culture allows for a pleasant working environment.\u2019 Rowan van Pelt, Blockchain Intern: \u2018\u2019My internship at the Blockchain Acceleration Lab enabled me to explore ideas on a day to day basis with specialists working on actual blockchain solutions. At the same time, the team gave me the freedom to structure my own research and to follow an academic approach as required by my University.\u2019\u2019 With you Customer focus, collaboration, innovative capacity passion to drive change and entrepreneurship are key to getting the job done. On top of this, you recognize yourself as: 5+ years working experience a university level, preferable with a background in business and/or IT provable knowledge in the field of Blockchain and DLT affinity with IT experience with project work being enthusiastic, a real self-starter and having a pro-active mindset solid analytical skills being able to build and maintain a strong network, and apply it effectively being able to act in a dynamic environment Growing a better world together You'll already be aware that Rabobank is a financial services provider for more than 8.5 million customers in 40 countries. But did you know that we aim to contribute to real change with our 'Growing a better world together' mission? We do so in countless ways, such as: As part of a project with Humanitas, we help people who are experiencing financial difficulties in getting their household finances in order. We make sizeable annual investments in the voluntary sector in the Netherlands. This allows us to support about 1,250 sport and cultural organisations that are a second home to many people. Interested? Do you want to become the ideal version of yourself? We would love to help you achieve this by focusing firmly on your growth, development, and investing in an environment where you keep learning every day. We give you the space to innovate and initiate. In this way, we offer you numerous opportunities to grow and help you exceed your expectations, to do the right thing exceptionally well, and to therefore grow as a professional. In addition, with us (on the basis of a 36-hour working week), you can also expect: a gross monthly salary based on salary scale 9/10 between \u20ac3.180,- and \u20ac5.250,- depending on your exact experience; a thirteenth month and holiday pay; an Employee Benefit Budget (9% of your monthly salary). You decide how to spend this budget. This may include purchasing extra leave days, making extra pension contributions or even receiving a monthly cash payout; a personal budget that you can spend on activities related to your personal development and career; 100% reimbursement of commuting costs if you travel by public transport! Do you still prefer to travel by car or motorbike? Then choose a commuting allowance; a pension scheme, to which your contribution is only 5%. Let's meet Are you the person we're looking for? Are you ready to join Rabobank as a Senior Blockchain Specialist and to make a difference to yourself, our customers and to society? We look forward to receiving your application for this vacancy in Utrecht. Good to know: Apply via the \u201cApply now\u201d button before March 3th. Please include your cv together with your motivation letter. Responses will be handled in accordance with our vacancy management policy. If you have any questions about the specific details of this position, please contact Djuri Baars, Lead Blockchain Team at Djuri.Baars@rabobank.nl. Marloes Boegheim, recruiter, would be happy to answer any questions about the application procedure via 06-30858959. The application process includes two interviews and making an assignment. The application process includes screening. Based on the screening procedures in place at Rabobank, we assess whether new staff are reliable enough to work at Rabobank. Your privacy is important to us. Do you want to know more, click on this link. Everyone is different, and it is exactly those differences that help us become an even better bank. That's why we want to know who you really are! ",
    "Url": "https://nl.linkedin.com/jobs/view/blockchain-specialist-at-rabobank-1709712457?refId=6a9991ad-b8be-4b5c-8e5c-6ef4ce75a2ef&position=11&pageNum=0&trk=guest_job_search_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "Title": "Rabobank hiring Blockchain Specialist in Utrecht, Utrecht, Netherlands | LinkedIn",
    "Site": "linkedin"
}
