{
    "Salary": "70k - ?85k",
    "Location": "London, England, United Kingdom",
    "Date Posted": "Not Found",
    "Company name": "Maxfield Search",
    "Body": " Posted by: Myles Rogers Myles Rogers Principal Recruitment Consultant - Blockchain & Cryptocurrency at MaxfieldSearch Title: Product Manager & Owner? Location: Central London Type: Permanent Organization: Blockchain start-up Salary: ?70k - ?85k ? We\u2019re looking for a Product Manager who makes data driven decisions to own the product discovery and development of one or more products here. You\u2019ll act as both Product Owner and Product Manager. ? We\u2019re looking for someone to work with our current and future customers/stakeholders to understand their needs, problems and frustrations. You\u2019ll arrange workshops with internal/external stakeholders, develop user journeys and user personas. You\u2019ll work on prioritising (with techniques such as RICE - Reach, Impact, Confidence, Effort) features and product improvements with the Head of Product and wider team. You\u2019ll work on the product roadmap and sequencing with the engineering team. You may also work with product designers to develop hi-fi prototypes carrying out usability testing where required. ? As part of product development, you\u2019ll work closely with the software engineering team to break down features into actionable work (epics, user stories) and then perform acceptance as per the definition of done. You\u2019ll ensure user stories and epics are well-written according to best practices (Acceptance Criteria and INVEST - Independent, Negotiable, Valuable, Estimable, Small, Testable). You will own and help to ensure the product backlog for the development teams is in good shape (DEEP principles - Detailed Appropriately, Estimated, Emergent and Prioritized). ? Essential Skills: ? ? ? ? Excellent communication skills (listening, verbal and written) with the ability to adapt messages to different audiences ? ? ? ? Experience with using data and metrics to drive prioritisation ? ? ? ? 2+ years of experience working in a product manager, product owner or business analyst role with software teams shipping production software or in a data analyst role ? ? ? ? Experience doing analysis on organisations, the design of technical systems, data requirements, business models, processes and strategic business needs ? ? ? ? Experience working in the product discovery role, doing market and user research, competitor analysis, creating user personas and creating user journeys ? ? ? ? Good critical analysis skills, dealing with ambiguity as well as presenting and communicating complex ideas with clarity ? ? ? ? Strong decision-making skills with the ability to evaluate trade-offs with the team ? ? ? ? Proactivity, enthusiasm, curiosity, and a desire to build great products people love ? Desirable Skills: ? ? ? ? Experience working on blockchain products ? ? ? ? Experience building SaaS, PaaS or IaaS products ? ? ? ? Previous software engineering background - degree in engineering or a numerate discipline Should this opportunity be of interest please don\u2019t hesitate to get in touch! ? myles@maxfieldsearch.co.uk 0203 764 9481 ",
    "Url": "https://uk.linkedin.com/jobs/view/product-manager-owner-blockchain-at-maxfield-search-1702071318?refId=9f81a9d6-ebdc-4918-a8fc-2c1d2fb34cc8&position=24&pageNum=0&trk=guest_job_search_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "Title": "Maxfield Search hiring Product Manager & Owner (Blockchain) in London, England, United Kingdom | LinkedIn",
    "Site": "linkedin"
}
