{
    "Salary": "Not Found",
    "Location": "Remote",
    "Date Posted": "Not Found",
    "Company name": "?ternity blockchain",
    "Body": " Posted by: Jess Granone Jess Granone Vice President and Warfighter Support Sector Manager at Quantum Research International Founded in 2016, ?ternity is an open-source, blockchain-based distributed computing platform that builds on decentralized cryptographic P2P technology. Designed to deliver unmatched productivity, transparent governance, and global scalability, we are enabling scalable smart contracts interfacing with real-world data.? We are looking for a senior professional to head the marketing part of our organization. Major tasks managed are: Overall Marketing, Community Building, Events and PR of the Blockchain solution, leading the international remote marketing team. This senior management role therefore requires you to have a broad skill set covering all these topics:? - Extensive experience leading successful Marketing, Communication and PR? teams? - Experience in scaling projects and teams, leading remotely? - Able to lead by example, hands on if needed? - Up to date regarding modern marketing tools and communication channels? - Successful in online community building? - Plan, implement and manage marketing strategy? - Use data and reports to make evidence-based decisions? - Willingness to travel? - Highly proficient in English (as will coordinate and correct PR texts etc.)? - Creative - Able to develop and manage media relationships A plus: - Open source experience/blockchain experience? - Practice and interest in public speaking welcome? - Chinese and/or other languages Key responsibilities: - To drive the overall marketing and communications strategy, connecting to? the key stakeholder groups - Be the go-to person for all communications and promotions including working? collaboratively and managing external relationships with media, pr agencies,? journalists and partners marketing and communications teams.? - Responsible for events and speaking opportunities across the globe and? supporting these events and key team members to maximize the impact of? each event presentation. - Establish and maintain the relevant channels, build effective agency? relationships and utilize the freelance network as required to ensure that the? organization is producing consistent, engaging and effective communications? to the various audiences - Bring data and insight, to drive return on investment across any marketing? spend to maximize investment. - Ensure the highest standard of communications are released to the various? stakeholder groups. We welcome a personality that has a good understanding of open source technology, its purpose and its communities. A plus is understanding of blockchain technology and how to apply the spirit of this technology to the projects communication. Why Work with us: Being part of the is more than a job, here you will be able to interact in teams across the globe that form part of the Ecosystem, you will find out that there is not one but a whole universe of aeternities and that our technology and our drive will change the world, are you ready to change the world then become part of our team. Availability: Short term Capacity: 100% Location: remote + frequent presence in Liechtenstein. Travel to various countries worldwide Salary: Negotiable? ",
    "Url": "https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/chief-marketing-officer-at-%C3%A6ternity-blockchain-1743197132?refId=57d05d0f-f2dc-4870-ab78-42cd33817e0d&position=14&pageNum=0&trk=guest_job_search_job-result-card_result-card_full-click",
    "Title": "?ternity blockchain hiring Chief Marketing Officer in Kansas, United States | LinkedIn",
    "Site": "linkedin"
}
